the location cannot be any better , opposite to titos lane and walking distance from the baga beach.
i was told that those rooms were no longer available.
the kettle broke the day before we left and i reported it twice but was not replaced.
i had no choice but to use that cab.
i was also told they do not have a courtesy room for a shower.
the mattress on the double bed was very hard.
i have to give a bad review because i booked some extra days from expedia ca on the end of a tour and when i got to the hotel they said they could only give me one of the days out of 3 and that i have to deal with this my self even though it said confirmed on my invoice and was prepaid.
i am giving a low rating because they would not help at all they just said it was my problem and it appears they were just to lazy to offer any help in the matter i am thinking they over booked and just dropped some of the lower priced booking.
however i am extremely disappointed to hear that my parents and friends are no longer having a good time.
a large group of english people have taken over the pool, swearing like troupers, jumping in the pool, bottles of beer everywhere.
surly the staff at the hotel can see that this is not appropriate behaviour and how upsetting this can be for your guests.
besides the reception and probably the kitchen, nothing is to great about this property.
it seems to be old and ill maintained property - broken hinges, unbalanced chairs, leaking facets are norm (we had 4 rooms so i could easily compare).
the exterior of rooms is quite green and nice, but room built (at least for v block i stayed in) was poor.
we complained and .. well, nothing happened - same story the next day.
the spread was adequate (continental, india, etc), but overall quality, hygiene was not great.
the service guys are indifferent; polite, but indifferent.
(or maybe, it is one of those places where being and indian in india is a disadvantage (foreign tourist were served well it seems - just my perception, though).
you ask something and all you get is either a stare, or simply no acknowledgement - even though they might not refuse you.
other than that, there were glaring examples of service staff ignoring us and i will not inflate this review by adding all of them here - summary: it was bad experience.
we couldn't stop laughing, pitying ourselves for choosing this property.
it simply is not worth it.
- approach itself is so crowded that you will feel sad you hired a car.
i thought of rating 'poor' but 1) i selected this hotel even after reading reviews so essentially it was my fault and 2) location overrides almost all the other worst part - thus, average.
from the booking of the hotel via email to the reception, bar and restaurant staff everyone is pleasant and helpful.
in one of the rooms there was issue of hot water which could not be resolved the entire day.
we had to make multiple complaints to the reception and only the following the day the room was changed.
the bathrooms also suffer from drainage issue.
when we wanted to play table tennis in the evening , we asked where the table was and it was shocking that the staff couldn't locate the tt table, they had no idea where it had vanished .
on arrival at about 0900 was told to go and have breakfast as room was not ready, soon after our meal we were given a room which we didn't like and asked for another which they did with the minimum of fuss.
our room c05 overlooked the main pool and we were very happy with it.
room was fine cleaned daily and fresh towels too, toilet a bit whiffy at times but no big problem.
the staff is courteous, no tip culture, there are 2 swimming pools, the hotel also facilitates taxi/scooty service at reasonable price (same as hiring outside), some little maintenance is required in the property (but not a major concern), my room was near the small swimming pool and restaurant - the ac made a humming noise and as i am a light sleeper it did disturb me.
on the main road market place , big area of hotel all blocks r very scattered , arrangement are not so excellent as per cost .
we had family vacation last year not happy , parking space , reception people behavior are not up to the mark .
i enjoyed staying here with my family for 6 nights.
we actually moved 3 times due to problems with the various rooms we were given.
the food (we had breakfast included and ate there in the evenings 5 times) was good and i had no complaints at all.
i will admit - overall standards have fallen in the last 10 years or so.
what not perfect?
limited parking space, could be a concern if traveling by your vehicle during a peak season.
we stayed here for new years and had the hotels "new years dinner" - which was a buffet that was not especially good, neither was their drinks.. our hotel key did not work for most of our stay and some of the staff was not that professional.
you will lose, most, of your english customers otherwise.
sorry we will never return.
not outside, like the water tower, you have restaurant staff, to be proud off, but the food, is better outside, such a shame, to see such a lovely hotel, going downhill so fast.
make sure you have an international license, police stop non-indians to check.
when we arrived we thought they had put us in the wrong room so complained no that was a executive room.
i told my wife don't even bother unpacking as i wouldn't be staying in such a dirty flee pit.
i have been coming to goa since 1991 and know the standards are lower than the uk but the cleaning standards normally fairly good.
we looked for a number of hotels before booking but finally chose keys ronil for the excellent location and walkable distance from the beach.
the fixtures like the taps were falling apart.
the curtains were only covering 3/4th of the windows, and the extra mattress that we asked for was probably what someone would be given in a prison.
there was no variation of fruits, dishes, salads etc.
the service staff was fine and courteous, so no complaints there.
i would avoid booking this place in future.
but such a shame.
the entry itself proved that the staff was very rude.
the bell boy carried just 3 of our bags and made us carry rest and when i complained, the reception guy was quiet and bell boy argued with us.
that is understandable as the resort was full but as soon as we entered the room, it was clear that those were the most pathetic rooms they have.
the sheets were dirty, electric kettle was dirty.
and the bathroom was disgusting!
toilet was dirty, mat was like, it was from the pre-independence period.
and when i asked for getting it cleaned the reception guy argued.
when asked why the rooms are not clean when we informed prior coming, he said he doesn't know anything about it as in he doesn't belong to the resort.
in our 4 day stay, the corrie-door was not cleaned once as we witnessed it getting dirtier day by day.
food is nothing great and expensive.
breakfast is fab too - i am really going to miss marsala dosas - absolutely yummy and so fascinating to watch them being made.
resort provides free wifi which wasn't working that well at that time.. one thing that i didn't like was that outside liquor was not allowed...
food: i am vegetarian so no idea of non veg quality.
the pool is big but looks very tired in areas, as do the rooms.
apart breakfast, two time we had meal there...food was little expensive than else where and was nothing special.
we reached saturday night in our own vehicle and found it very difficult to park our xylo...no one to guide us, you see!
of course the receptionist was i his usual dreary mood..( he seems to be absolutely devoid of emotion all the time... nothing to do with our stay,so fine with it!)
after a good night's rest, we had breakfast, which was de very good..( but breakfast can be a messy affair at times, i mean the wonderful buffet breakfast, food disappears so fast, you may be reminded of your hostel canteen!
and no place to sit) we went to the overcrowded baga beach, and didn't feel like getting back to the hotel or go sightseeing...the waves here are huge...and fast...and rough..but it's a nice experience.
well, here comes the interesting part..we wanted to extend our stay, so we were given a room called i 02... hmmm... an experience in itself is..... cobwebs, no hot water in the bathtub...insects we had never seen before...but housekeeping was so very good, that the moment we brought this to their attention,it was fixed!
when i came out to collect my charger in the car the front office manager very rudely asked me if i had been in the room .firstly that's not how you speak to a guest.
my friend had to check out immediately cuz of this horrific experience ..the hotel management needs to take these matters seriously and train their small and narrow minded staff... would not recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a peaceful holiday in goa.
below average room and moreover dirty toilet, reused bedsheets, and bad service.
the published pictures and the reality is quite different so please read other terrible reviews of this hotel before even thinking of staying here.
however, this place has some potential to become a better place, first step would be to fire current manager who is not only arrogant but incompetent in tackling customer issues and replace him with the one who is really humble and competent.
overall, avoid this place at any cost.
however hotel gave me extremely cornered room at the extreme end.
3) they have a sewer system which releases water in the garden at middle of night and it stinks.
you can hire bike from hotel staff itself so no need to worry.
both seem to have disappeared.
internet did not work for me, the hotel refused to help on many counts.
their general manager was not available and his assistant vinay arora implied that internet not working was my problem and not the hotel's, and they can make it work on my phone, nothing else.
a friend had mosquitoes in the room and was told that it was his problem and not theirs.
all hotels have their bad days or weeks.
most disappointed.
the staff here are very helpful and friendly, a special shout for the lady manager miss chatterjee, very helpful and polite and the boys from room cleaning.
after reading few reviews i was little scared to book this hotel but i was very happy with my stay.
you can book taxi through the hotel for your drop.
only negative is the distance from beach.
please avoid this place.
they just want to make money by fooling the customer.
they even charged us for the alcohol we bought from outside.
rooms were extremely bad with ac's not working at all.
hotel staff misbehaved with us as we were tourist.
i will never recommend this to anyone in future.
plus ,u can't beat the value for complimentary breakfast.
we stayed at keys ronil resort,baga goa on 28/7 for three nights & the experience was not good.we booked three executive rooms directly on telephonic conversation & the rooms which they show us on website & the rooms which they provided we're totally different as they provide us standard rooms.the behaviour of staff was not good specially there restaurant manager (don't know his name)in morning shift.
we went there for a proper dining dinner one night as it was one of the famous place of baga..... we asked for a wifi and they said it is only for hotel guest which is very rude and the food was not very good too!!
another attraction is that this resort lies opposite to the famous tito's lane where a multitude of pub and shops are available.
there are lots of option to shop around especially the tibetan market which is a lil costly, but worth the visit.
lack of maintenance is leading to shabby rooms.
the staff is not customer friendly i must say.
food is above average though they still got to do much in breakfast buffet which is kinda boring as you would see the same stuff almost everyday.
i have been a regular visitor to goa and always had a good time with family and friends but this time god had some other plans and not sure in which unfortunate hour i decided to book keys ronil resort.
- no regards to guest complaint.
to my utter surprise the pathetic air conditioner which was already huffing and puffing to keep the smallest room i have ever seen stopped working in the midnight.
despite repeated calls to front desk, no body bothered to come and check it and i had to walk down myself to talks some sense to them.
now even after repeated attempts they failed to rectify the problem and made us change the room in those wee hours.
now comes the surprise, they allotted us a room with two single beds joined together and requested us to adjust till morning as no rooms are available.
for the next three days i have had to make numerous request to clean the rooms or provide room service but the staff was in their own sweet world with no regards to my requests.
however, the stay was disappointing.
the rooms aren't pleasing, plus hygiene is a main concern there.
the staff lacks hospitality & isn't very courteous.
as for food, breakfast was really bad with limited & repetitive options.
won't recommend this resort especially for those who have an understanding for good taste in everything.
the bathroom had water problems but the staff was very helpful.
nonsense rules, the only thing they know is to make money.
water leakage from ac, stinking rooms pathetic food.
but there are no open spaces/gardens for sports and walks.
if you a particular about very clean bathrooms, this place would disappoint.
don't expect beautiful views of the beach from your room.
also, the hotel forces the speakers to be shut at 10:30 pm, which is quite irrational.
their rooms are not great but better than all other hotels in the area.
restaurants are all over near the hotel - if you dont want to eat in the hotel restaurant.
the air-conditioning in the room was top-notch with no issue at all.
they like offer 512 kbps free internet connection-which is like useless.
only one improvement they need is sorting their damp problems.
some of the members of our party were not happy with the rooms but manager was very helpful and changed all our rooms as required.
but the rooms failed to meet our expectations.
poorly maintained interiors, old linen and furniture looked worn out.
the staff in restaurant were helpful, in striking contrast to the staff in the rest of the hotel who have a general indifferent attitude.
we were three couples in goa on our first visit.we chose keys ronil as it was close to all major places to visit in baga.no need to worry about hiring expensive vehicles.
it is presented amazingly but the taste is quite disappointing.
the breakfast was not so good for us as western travellers but seemed to have a vast selection of indian cuisine.
additionally, the wifi is unreliable and doesn't reach the rooms but this seems to be the case everywhere we have visited in india.
so we reached keys in the morning & got a room around 11am only to realise that window pane is missing & the ac isnt cooling enough.
the loo although had a bad sewage smell throughout our stay.
the front office staff namely rameshwar & others(waiters) are very very rude.
the food/breakfast buffet sucks , spread is terrible.the watchman takes 100-300/- if he organises a cab for you,this was told to us by our cabbie.
stayed here for 3 nights recently, location 100 points, but beside that rest all not up to the mark (except breakfast was pretty decent) rooms are very dated and old, linen torn and marks all over, bathroom were crappy, internet not working in the rooms and extremely slow in the public areas, staff not very friendly at all or helpful.
stayed here in november 2015.
but for me it was not value for money.
their services are good no complaint about that.
lots of bikes and cars on rent and good night life too.after coming back tired we spent some time besides the pool as it was pretty relaxing and then has a comfortable night sleep.
don't expect any special stay but it's just about what you need from the hotel.
it's request to everyone pls don't book ur room here... bad hospitality..very arrogant behaviour.
...bathroom conditions was not good...check in process is very slow..reservation desk is equally unprofessional and arrogant.
i was in for a big shock when during my second visit to this property, i booked the rooms.
but to my shock, everything about the rooms was third grade , right from the access to the lighting to the room quality.
i was in for a big shock when the room service was also of poor quality .
utterly disappointed .
it was as good as getting duped.
overall, it was not a great stay.
i waited for long time for checkin.. staff is telling no room ready....
a good hotel which is central and on the main road to calangute, a worrying start as we landed early and they put us in a room at the back but soon transferred us to a room nearer front.
this is i difficult review to write as the staff here were very friendly, the cleaning staff were brilliant.
we found out this hotel has been taken over in the last couple of years and regular visitors told us things are changing and not for the better.
our stay was slightly disappointing due to several minor problems.
the breakfast scene is disorganised, we have had to ask for cutlery several times, tables are not cleared and have asked for this to be done.
there was no water one evening and was told 15 minutes it would be back on, 30 minutes later it was still off, my partner asked is there an empty room available with water so we can have a shower, she was told to wait and the receptionist started serving another customer, when i went down with her i was told the whole hotel had no water, so we asked to speak to the manager then all of a sudden a room was available with water.
our air conditioning stopped working twice, on another occasion water was dripping out on the tv, it clearly needs a good service.
i do not wish this to sound a rant as it certainly is not all bad, with some very small but easy changes this would be a great place to stay.
the truth is when you take a well earned holiday and pay good money then a little better is required.
the property per say is good but needs upkeep badly.
the rooms are spread out in form of cottages and per say there is no view, they merely look on to landscape patches.
food is good but with very limited options.
nice room in v block nice n quiet nice and cleaned every day clean bedding and towels every day excellant staff very friendly and polite cant do enough for you if you need anything you only have to ask and its done straight away.
i stayed at the keys ronil hotel it was a bit tired but it was being renovated when i stayed there, the staff were very good and food there was very nice with a great breakfast.
after a very stressful flight to goa due to the thomson flight been delayed 24 hours our rooms very ready for us on our arrival, stayed in this hotel 2 years ago, and just returned home today, was a bit worried about some of the reviews up to us going but was not disappointed in the slightest, the requests we made to the hotel before our arrival were met as travelled this year with friends and family, we stayed in room c04, room was ground floor, yes they could do with a lick of paint, the towels were changed on a daily basis and the bedding every other day, the beds were as comfortable as ever, bottles of water left daily, and our cleaner was fantastic what a great friendly guy he was, the ground staff and security men always had a cheerful smile on greeting you every morning, breakfast this year was also better than the previous year, as bacon was available on request and very nice it was.
we had been at ronil keys goa for 4 nights from 17 march 2016 to 21 march 2016,just want to tell you guys had been to goa many times ,but it was our 1 time we had stayed at ronil keys goa ,the location is perfect you won't find a better hotel then this at this location just near by beach , night life almost every thing nearby,the food is mind blowing guys rights from the breakfast to diner everything we eat was wow, the rooms were also good ,and last but not the least the staff was perfect right from the manager to cleaning guys all were very helpful they had given us early checkin to late checkouts as our flight was late at evining just by one request they had given us late checkout i don't think any hotel in goa would do this for there customers , had received the perfect hospitality from ronil keys goa,thank you guys for perfect vacation would defiantly come again .
wifi - the wifi almost never worked - no matter how strong the signal was.
the lobster thermador- r2100- wasn't great, sauce was runny.
the masala fish was not good.
we were charged r4700 for a taxi for the day.
bec it wasn't a tour as promised- no commentary.
if you are looking for five star luxury go and stay at the taj and pay the relevant price.
and you won't get better goan food anywhere else.
so what's the big moan?
a few bits that need painting, the odd cockroach, a bit of dust, noisy indians?
if these things bother you don't come to baga, in fact, don't come to india.
i love this place to bits and i have stayed in many taj hotels in splendid isolation.
just returned from 3 weeks at the keys ronnil, hotel grounds are loverly and some staff too, got a room facing rubbish tip, as wed paid a lot of money for up grade was very annoyed went and got it changed dont pay for delux room its not worth it the bathroom was disgusting i wont go it to detail but i was told by reception that premier and delux rooms are the same rooms but different prices, breakfast the same everyday ur better off going to one of the beach shacks like we did, plenty of places to eat, on the whole its good location, weekends at the hotel are really noisy when the locals arrive, but sorry rooms are not up to scratch.
its was hard to find other good things at keys after its location.rooms were ok but poorly maintained,property is good but need lot of up gradation & maintenance.
food is ok but poor service during breakfast ( big group seems difficult to manage) & lunch makes it worst.
we have been allotted room in the last where there was view of dumps, we pay good amount acc.
to a 3-4 star hotel and i found rooms are not that fulfilled with amenities, bathroom is more simple tha.
any 2 star hotel, also to extent staff attitude is not welcoming, helpful, even they can deny or can ask us to do anything rather than offering a service, breakfast was delicious, location is good but still i would say they need to change their staff behaviour.
staff poor in listening you.
u feel terrible to live.
rooms not that great.
bathroom are disaster.
no ample parking.
would like to add here that one afternoon ac in my room was not working and it was fixed in no time.
the tv stuck on the wall is the smallest that i have ever seen and there is a noisy aircon that does do its job.
avoid rooms that have windows towards the road.
my partner and i stayed here for 11 nights.
i had read lots of bad reviews about the pool.
i would say after fire n ice restaurant it was my next best choice to eat at and we ate at jamie's and the cherry olive which everyone raved about but i thought the hotel food was better and great value for money.
avoid avoid avoid.
the linens, the wardrobes, ambiance, everything leaves a negative impression about this hotel.
the property is managed so worse, that the maintenance is well over due for the hotel.
even after paying them 6k for a night, what you get is not even worth 1.5k.
we decided to give this hotel a try only because of the nice experience we had at keys prima, shirdi, but this hotel is not even worth a comparison with keys prima.
and to top it all, the roads in front are too dusty making the very first impression a pathetic one.
i'll never ever recommend this hotel.
and no wonder why only this hotel had a room at the time we arrived, leaving all other hotels nearby full and sold out.
though we had plan to stay for another night in goa, we didn't want to spoil it by staying here for another night, and that lead us to book the hyatt place, which was once in a life time experience.
major roadworks going on in baga everything affected by it and everything is stinking dirty.
this time completely different -rooms run down and dirty lots of mossies pool area absolutely stinking also.
firstly, the rooms are shabby and infested with cockroaches since the price you pay for the rooms are not worthy.
to our surprise we couldn't even open the balcony door since the voice of the kitchen compressor was so nice even a sunami will be put to shame and in the night they play artificial bird calls which is so annoying.
though i have been going to this resort for the last 26 years, i have faced petty issues and since last 3 stays i had an very unpleasant stay.
so i decided to leave this note and say goodbye to the resort.
on arrival at the hotel at 5am, just as we were being handed our cases from the back of the bus the thomson rep informed us that check in was at 11am and there would be no room available until that time.
unfortunately, in our opinion what is needed is for a deeper clean of the fan, ac unit and up in the corners of the ceilings.
it is badly in need of a coat of paint just to freshen the place up.
the staff in the public areas of the hotel are all friendly, efficient and hard working.
the two pools really need some filtration system installed as dust and dead insects begin to take over as the day goes on.
a travel adaptor an electric plug in mosquito killer, 2 large bottles of drinking water, and 2 bottles of lemonade cost about the same.
my wife suffered a slight cut to her toe and the chemist treated, bandaged it and gave her antiseptic ointment - the cost was around a pound.
road works immediately in front of the hotel didn't help but should be completed soon.
the rooms are a little dated, sheets are a bit threadbare and wardrobe space is limited.
it also makes it difficult for tipping because you don't know when they move them.
breakfast is fine if you want to eat indian style, we stuck with cornflakes each morning.
meals in the evening cost no more than if you go outside to the restaurants and the food is good, we actually only ate in once because we found a few amazing restaurants and stuck with them.
we had a few hiccups with the safety deposit box not working - eventually sorted after the fourth time and wasting a few hours waiting around for someone to call.
it is well worth upgrading to a room overlooking the far pool as the rooms in the front are cramped and very, very noisy from the outside traffic which goes all night long.
a massive downside was that we weren't being picked up until late on the evening of leaving.
we requested to keep our room but we weren't allowed to do so until the morning of check out - if they could sell the room then they would and they do not provide any provisions for a shower, you can leave your cases near reception but it is not secure.
there is free wi-fi in the hotel but found it very hit and miss but all the bars have it anyway and the service is much better.
the only reason i haven't given 5 rating is because of the room they have allotted me and after my objection also the manager didn't care to look into.
the only reason you should stay here is for the food they serve.keys is known for their rooms more than their food but here its the other way round.
you definitely get some unwanted sticking experience there.
the disappointing factor was wifi which never worked during our 4 day stay.
rooms in block i & j are bigger than rooms in front section of hotel (where we had stayed last time).
avoid taking connected rooms.
apart from breakfast, we only ate in the hotel once, the food was more expensive than else where and was nothing special.
the second, smaller pool was 'cleaned' during our stay, however the day after a strange green cloud appeared from one of the vents.
it was reported to the staff who did not seem to be worried but as the did not advise what had caused it, i did not go in again... just in case.
there are plenty of restaurants to visit for your evening meal, i highly recommend fire and ice, the fillet steak was lovely.
irritating housekeeping staff - we were welcomed by the noise, chatter and various sounds of housekeeping staff just outside our room.
this is a very innovative way of disturbing somebody who is seeking some peace on a holiday.
room condition - the rooms are worn out.
wifi fraud - we stayed for 5 nights and on the second day our wifi stopped working.
i could clearly see the error due to authentication problem but the staff insisted that there is a technical error in the wifi instrument.
after 24 hours of non connectivity, i confronted with the reception staff and told them that they cant fool us with some random justification.
then they agreed that it was an authentication problem.
now, this kind of behaviour is very hard to digest.
why would they not want to not authenticate somebody?
or the connectivity is so terrible that they cant connect everybody?
breakfast spread - though the spread was good but it was repetitive.
the indian dishes were also limited and 4-5 dishes were served alternatively.
the juices were canned and not fresh.
some road construction work outside the hotel is temporarily creating traffic problems, but that should not be a long term problem.
well inside the road so the chaos outside does not reach till the room.
i believe the management with some serious attention can resolve many of the problems easily.
most of the problems require intention and not money.
reached hotel around 12pm, manager told me my room is not ready & then offered me pool side room upgrade for 1000bucks, which i refused.
don't fall into that trap.
there's a construction going outside leads to huge traffic , so it's total chaos.
no problem at all with the quality and variety of food from breakfast (buffet) to evening meal we were never disappointed.
literally the taxi rank is outside of the hotel and would advise that you chat to a few people to get an idea of the prices (as they differ greatly) and make friends with a taxi driver and use him for all of your journeys (this cuts down on the hassle) every time you leave the hotel.
on the positive side, the hotel offered us reasonably early check at 11 am after our early morning flight into goa.
the hotel is nice, breakfast is good, though the live dosa counter had poor dosa.
but be warned hotel wifi does not work, maybe our room location ?
ronil has not changed much, since last 3 visits, still lots need doing to bathrooms, although the manager, arranged repairs, straight away, could do with new toilet seats, and walls and ceiling in bathroom re-painted.
only problem, was christmas meal, we never got to eat it, owing to my daughter, being slightly burnt, by burning debris, from fireworks, being set off, luckily not to badly, thankfully.
the complex is spread over many blocks and our balcony opened towards swimming pool and the restraint area.
our package included breakfast which is adequate but dishes are no gourmet delight.
they also provide a scooter hire service which is the same price as on the streets but better as they don't require you to leave your passport with them.
on check - in, perhaps due to the crowd - the staff were sullen and almost uncooperative as we had paid in advance at the time of booking the room.
we were forced to upgrade to a quieter and more private, larger room which we made extra for.
the housekeeping was poor, the amenities okay, the fridge leaked across the room.
if i had a choice - i would not stay here again and would not recommend this to any business traveler or some one who is used to quality service and attention.
the keys ronil beach hotel is situated on the main road, it's in an ideal location to the beach and restaurants, the only downside is that at weekends, lots of indian visitors decend on the resort making it difficult to get out of the hotel.
i also appreciated ronil's employment of a table tennis guard during the nightime to ensure that no scoundrels could sneak on and play on ronil's fine table.
they arranged a nice cake cutting during the gala dinner and surprised him- a really nice gesture.
the breakfast spread was really good- limited but has the right mix and taste since its a resort hotel and food is also delicious especially their goan and conti food.
best part of this stay was their food and room coziness and worst part was the pool maintenance.
rooms are not that good, overall hygiene is questionable.
pool is not that good, its simple pool without filters, not that clean.
towels provided by hotel are looking worn of and not new.
despite some negative comments i can honestly say that i can find very little to complain about.
i went to reception very early at 7.30 to complain and to be moved.
the poor pool men had a net to try and get dead flies off the surface of the pool and did a good job of trying.
food in the hotel was nice at dinner time but found the food and drink a lot dearer than outside but i suppose it was our fault for not going out in the afternoon for food.
the rooms quality is not that good.
spending so much extra is not worth on the rooms they are offering.
the room however was not good.
the walls were dirty and need to be repainted.
under the ac unit there was serious water damage that looked like possible mold and we had to stare at it since our bed faces the ac.
the bathroom tiles need to be regrouted, it looks dirty.
(2) the rooms are pretty average with no privacy.
(3) we had a package with breakfast and lunch/dinner for 4 days and they had the same menu for both for all the 4 days which was pretty boring.
(4) the christmas gala dinner was also waste of money as my partner fell sick after having the non vegetarian dishes.
(5) we had cab transfers arranged via our travel agent and instead of reminding the reception staff twice once in the morning and in the afternoon there was no cab arranged and they started looking around for it when it was time for us to leave.
it was stressful as it was the day after christmas and the traffic was crazy on roads which they should be aware about.
(5) the day trip arranged to go to south goa by ac coach was a waste of time as apart from 4 spots mentioned on the list to visit the guide took us to places not worth wasting time on and not mentioned on the list of places to visit (as we believe he got commissions from the venue owners) and in the end he took us to a place for cruise on a river which would take 2 hours of people not interested to go and then an hour to reach the hotel so we ended up taking a taxi back to the hotel.
when we checked in we were shocked and upset.
we were forced to pay rp3000 per pax for the hotel's christmas gala dinner.
we explained that we have some other plan but the management still forced us.
so we planned to attend the gala dinner since were force to pay then proceed to full moon beach party.
the manager was so rude and said that rp1500 not for food but to just join in the celebration.
what a surprise and insult to us.
according to the manager we pay for their deco and ambience.
the hotel has big problem in management.location is very near to baga beach.
but the manager's attitude was very bad.
he said that we got no say in this.
it was not fun at all and looked dull.
christmas gala dinner was a total waste of time and money.
somewhat surprisingly they offer you a limited number of drinking-water bottles, so keep that in mind.
1.
suggession: night time ambience is not very lively.
arrived approx 11am hot sweaty tired, no greeting, no cold drink.signed in.
no provision or care or drink , just come back after 1pm.
rooms ok nothing special in fact quite dirty in some respects.
waiters try very hard but odd ones seem to have a two second memory span.
the restaurant is empty at night has the indian visitors dont spend any money if possible.
they buy food from outside (lot cheaper) and eat it in there rooms (against hotel rules) swimming pool, the main pool is a health hazard theres a dead insect soup like film on the top of the pool all the time.
the pool guys try so hard to keep it clean but there no proper run off or filter system, its a very old pool that needs retiling and a proper filter system installing, but greedy owners wont spend any money has the indian visitors dont no any better or dont care.
screaming indians up and down the stairs some nights, most are very arrogant and ignorant ..
the gardeners, room boys, pool boys and waiters try very hard but the management seem indifferent.
never saw a thompson rep in 3 weeks.wifi useless, not worth the money should be priced in the 1-2 star indian hotel bracket, this is not the ronil standard of old dont be fooled.
i am not sure if it was availability issue or their own gesture, but it resulted in me getting a very nice place for my stay.
they also have an internal maintenance team who can be called upon to fix minor things like electricity etc.. should there be a problem.
all in all, a very good place to stay, if u are willing too pay for it.
also the house keeping staff used to sit out side our room and we used to get disturbed a lot.
the worst thing about this hotel is its staff they are not even bothered about customers.
we indians had a habit of having a spicy food because of which we do not like too blend food specially sambhar and chatni, i also understand that it was made keeping foreigners in mind as they do not eat very spicy food.
we were in v block at the back facing the pool.
twin beds and very small with poor quality furniture & fittings, not what we expected for the extra £200 we paid.
the rooms were in desperate need of updating and this was happening whilst we were staying here.
my mother was in b block which is some distance from v block and not ideal.
the hotel has two pools of a good standard but the indians swim in them in their clothes so i don't know how clean they are.
when they questioned management they were informed that the work should not have been started and someone would come and talk to them.
location of the hotel is very central but the road is being worked on this is the 3rd year the road is being fixed so very messy and hard to get around.
my plan included breakfast... breakfast was kind of disappointment ...
i stayed in the keys hotel in november 2015 and generally the hotel is ok, it's a bit neglected and is in need of a face lift.
but by far the biggest concern is the condition of the main pool, there seems to be a reluctance to turn on the filter system resulting in a cloudy pool.
i did find some of the other guests (indian) very noisy and inconsiderate.
average hotel right at the top of tito's lane in the heart of baga.
no doubt, the property is at an amazing location and feels like mini florida.
the tito's lane is always busy with some mouthwatering biryani sellers on the road side (guess some are from pakistan), dominoes etc if you dont want to have the expensive hotel food.
we had to backside view, not very exciting but lots to explore around.
we are here now and can honestly say their cleanliness of rooms certainly leave a lot to be desired.
i aim to give a full honest comprehensive report when we return home but felt i had to let everyone know that we have had problems with cleaners they give a quick cats lick n change towels daily.
u no pay me.
( had tipped a little prefering to see what service like first) didnt help anyway.
we used a conference room, adequate for about 100 people but nothing very special.
stayed there with my fiancee during our 15 days-10 cities vacation and this was the worst hotel we stayed at.
rooms we very unclean, bed-sheet and pillows were dirty.
worst part was bugs in balcony and bathroom.
i can't imagine a hotel staff being this rude to their guests.
upon confronting they gave me two pool towels.
and why would someone steal a towel, that too when his room number and towels are written in their notebook when they check it out?
even the baggage assistance guys were extremely rude.
food was pathetic.
they have high mast lights in center, due to which there were lots of dead moths in my balcony every morning.
mini refrigerator in my room was empty, when i asked reason they said that first its there to keep drinks which i've already bought from them!!
finally, the day i was supposed to check out- they say that they mistakenly misspelled my name in username and couldn't figure it out for the previous two days.
stay at keys only if you want to ruin your vacation.
had informed them its my wife's birthday needed to surprise her arrange for beer n cake at arrival ll pay u .
when asked at front desk manager says no info was gven to us.
room service pathetic.
front desk & staff r rude.
they hve 2 pools.
won't recommend to any1 pls try some other hotels not even a 3 star .service wld be bttr in 2 star hotel .
i wasn't that impressed with the quality or the rooms of this location.
our room had a long screw for a faucet handle, used soaps and conditioners, fungus on the walls, the ac didn't even work.
the hotel staff finally did accommodate us but only until we told them we would leave.
i can't say i would recommend this hotel to anyone.
need to improve on the ac, as it does not cool below 25 degree.
wifi was the worst and it was fight to hang on it.
room service food was good but unfortunately do not have options for in room dining post 10:30pm.
breakfast was included and it was boring as hell will cold maida paratha and same vegetarian feast everyday, only grace saver was live counters for dosa and omlette counter.
resort is nice ,rooms were cleaned promptly, there was no cabinet.
had to wait over 10 minutes at reception without any acknowledgment both at check in and checkout time which was really bad experience.
service can be dodgy and occasionally impolite but their general manager rajeev thapa is there to fix it.
we are visiting this hotel for 3rd time, last year we had a room with bath, through the agents, but it was top floor, which is no good for us oldies, but the manager, moved us next day to v block, pool facing, for which we paid the extra price.
what a wonderful stay we had, hoping to pay extra to do it again, this visit.
we landed on 2nd october in the morning which is a national holiday only to find out that one of our rooms were not cancelled and was still charged to us.
we called make my trip and the useless fellows they are could not resolve our issue for 5 hours; which means we were stuck there and could not checkin.
there was no all out in the room and there were mosquitoes.
the washroom had some kind of unpleasant smell in all of our three nights stay.
as soon as i reached the hotel i requested them to send a glass of milk and was refused.
my stay at the hotel started on a unpleasant note.
when we booked a premium room it showed a bath tub and the room looked nicer in picture...when we reached there we saw there was no bathtub and also before checking in the hotel i specifically made a call at the hotel reception to allocate us a room on higher floor but on reaching we were given a room on ground floor and the reception staff and the hotel manager was very rude.
at the time of checkout...we requested them to allow us a late check out and again we were refused...so overall an unpleasant stay for us!!
they have a second pool in the resort but its better to avoid the rooms facing that as all the activities takes place in front side only.
great value for money, some what clean rooms however major mosquito problems.
my husband being veg wasn't over impressed with the food quality.
overall a good and decent place to stay at.
families, couples, groups of youngsters and oldies all can stay there with zero hesitation.
the staff at the reception need to be more professional.every thing else from room service staff to location is very good.the sleep quality can be improved as the room door is closed in a very hard way which will disturb the sleep of other guest.overall experience was good and worth the money.
you can wander late at night..get drunk like fish and party without the worry of driving back to the hotel.
room was clean enough but the wifi signal was pathetic, couldn't even connect once in the room.
we visited goa in the off season, that too in the middle of the week and expected to find most resorts in goa relatively empty.
we'd gotten a decent deal on the hotel (7.6k for 4nights) and didn't have high hopes for our room.
the wifi connection in room i stayed was weak and hardly reachable.
there are lots of taxi drivers outside that approach you each time you leave the hotel.
we saved these up and went to clear our bill on checkout and they wouldn't accept them.
staff will make sure you are in the sun or not if you wish.
i didn't like the resort as it was too busy.
i made a grave mistake of having shark at one of them.
the location of this hotel was unbeatable but after that it began to let us down, the website pictures don't portray how run down its become, its a shame because whilst breakfast and the pool area has the resort feel they are aiming for but the rest of the hotel is letting it down.
the staff at reception were also not particularly helpful during our stay!
hotel has a mid size swimming pool but there was no entertainment in the hotel.although the hotel was full but u dont peoples in swimming or garden area.
i recently visited this hotel on 24th aug'15 fr 2 days stay so just want to summarize in short -1st impression is too good 1ce u enter the hotel but rooms shud b well maintained as other parts of the hotel and staff should be friendly at the reception as the time of check out they kept on calling us continuously after every 5-10 mins with a rude behavior which was very irritating as i think 1 hour delay during check out is a normal thing..n dey also told us v'l charge u extra for the same but anyhow we din't paid for it.
having limited spread is not an issue, but the taste can be worked upon.
most of the dishes were insipid.
perfect spot if you have purely have to go by a centralised location travelling to north & the south.....coming by train convenient to stop at thivim and take a cab to the hotel....if you are coming by bus the you can stop at mapusa which is 2 km and can get a drop to the hotel either by a cab / rick...
the hotel can arrange the pick up /drop facilities if instructed for rs 300 either ways.. outside hotels you may bargain if you are looking to pay slightly lesser rate provided you may not want to get into too much hassles.
had the opportunity of having a nice spread of breakfast every morning and a buffet once and ala carte most of the times when we too lazy to venture out.
the location is almost perfect, just a 2-minute walk to baga beach with the most happening places on the way.
found it strange that such a cute place did not offer free wifi to the guests.
no help at all if you're looking to plan an itinerary.
overall a good experience and you get what you pay for.
no hot water inspite of complaining many times.
no vanity stuff like conditioner shampoos soaps and not to mention toilet paper rolls were so small it used to run out.
when we asked for new room they gave us a room which had no lights.
requested for upper storey room and they advised no rooms are available wherein we could see the upper storey rooms empty.
staff kept bringing wrong things, bought food with no utensils, lamb was foul, breakfast was not that good.
free wifi but trust me there is no coverage whatsoever.
worst experience ever.
the front desk is one of the most hopeless bunch of nerds i have ever encountered - they are totally clueless about what they are up to - i saw almost every individual running into issues with front desk either checking-in or checking out.
rooms are ok but in dire state of renovation/electric equipments/ toilets everything given an impression of used up facility.
i repute key's as a above average brand - however with regards to this property i certainly feel that being in the prime area they are just not renovating it and allowing it to get further degraded.
come on guys resort ronit rooms and areas are crying for renovation - however, in the end i would say you get what you pay for - so it was an astounding deal and food was the saviour!
other than that its not really worth if you wanna relax and enjoy at the property.
service is very very poor and so is the breakfast!
i took the breakfast including plan and i didnt really like the food.
go for it if you get it at very low tariff n only if you want a room to just stay!
however it took almost 2 hours or arguments, back and forth calls between head office, coupon site and even option of going legal before the matter could get sorted.
a complete delight, keys ronil met all our expectation in terms of service, comfort, and facility.
the staff is just amazing, and they took extra care of our needs, especially while cleaning our dirty as hell room.
the second room was worst.
we had to wake him up several times at midnight when my wife and our 2 year old kid kept demanding stuff.
he never said no to anything; being a chef he also fixed our ac and tv problems as no mntnce staff was available...he made sure we were comfortable and felt at home even at midnight.
i rate this keys chain as the no 1 hotel chain in the world for their staff and ethics..good job done on hr part also for inculcating these values in their staff.. shall recommend this hotel to all..keep it up and hope to see u all soon.
the day i reached it was around 7 pm and i was put in a room where the ac was not working fine.
the ac service guy came and cleaned the ac air filter to no results.
finally i had to remind them that i have paid for the room and was not on a free stay in the hotel provided by them.
the day before my check out i had asked them if they would accept american express credit card to which they said yes we do but at the time of my check out they refused to accept the credit card.
the swimming pool was average and not very clean.
try to avoid rooms in c, d block as rooms are small.
i asked groupon to postpone the dates for the maximum wich was last weekend of june as no refund was available .......we applied our leaves accordingly......one week was left for the holidays......i received no confirmation of my booking.......groupon said i lost the booking and the money.......i called groupon several times during the next 3 days......no resolution.......finally i gave up.....i called up the hotel and took the phone no of the gm, mr subhabrata roy......he spoke to his relevant department.......the hotel coordinated with groupon.....the next day i got a call from groupon.
breakfast spread was limited but adequate.
issues which i face was that 1)there was dampness in the rooms might be due to rains, 2) there were frequent power cuts but hotel has inverter/generators, but this put me off actually.
3) ac's doesn't seem to be quite effective 4) cable tv reception was poor, this is not important for me but the kids were disapointed.
5) there were few activities which were not available not sure why, kids wanted to play and couldn't enjoy the activities.
beware: there are cabs available outside ronil, we had hired a cab for a drop to at our friends place on the check out day, this guy whose car number is: ga03 n 9327(grey maruti ertiga) is an idiot and rude fellow.
we had fixed a price of rs.800 with another driver but this guy intervened and told he is in line for the drop and we will need to take his cab.rs.800 for a distance of 10km was too much but we didn't bothered and said ok. then we only went for 100 metre and asked him to put on the ac and he told for ac you will have to pay rs.100 more, it was not an issue of 100 rupees but the attitude was bad, and when i told him he could have told me before, then he just started reversing the car and told i will drop you back at hotel and go with other fellow.
i didn't liked it at all, told him that i would pay him 100 rupees for ac, as i didn't wanted to cause any inconvenience to my family members.
i am writing about him because i want to make him famous and make sure no one sits in his car as he shows such an attitude.
this guy is black in colour, looks bit weird and is around 5ft 4in in height.
keys - ronil is a decent place but not worth the price.
nothing picturesque.
they were accomodating and delayed the checkout by a couple of hours.
usually i avoid eating at the restaurants in hotels i stay, but chef jerson requested me to give it a try and it was really good.
we traveled from the uk for a 2 week easter break with "6 children" (including 2 babies) and was worried we might have been pushing our luck going so far with so many kids (ages 1, 2, 11, 12, 12, 13.
nothing was to much trouble for the hotel to sort out for us, service staff were brilliant as were reception.
the grounds and gardens of the hotel are beautifull and well kept with tropical jungle surrounding to the rear but noisy road to the front.
this is a 3rd world country and the sanitation outside the hotel is poor.
however none of us were ill!
the local infrastructure was constantly improving, including the pavements in baga, which is important to us as we had a pushchair and if was a bit annoying to have to keep getting on and off broken pavements into the road and back again.
totally relaxed atmosphere every where, no need to pack any posh dresses!
shorts, trainers, flip flops suffice!
if your bored of spain, egypt, turkey, greece, this is the place to go!
food and beverage in goa is dirt cheap, eg bottle of coke £0.25, beer £0.55 curry £2, naan bread £.04 however the keys resort was about double this and you have to go outside to all the bars restraunts to get these prices.
he runs a taxi firm and will give you a mobile phone in case you get lost.
the speed was not good, but it served our purpose.
its not lavish, but good.
at the time of breakfast also they were eager to help, in spite of it being a buffet.
if the parking is full (the parking space to rooms ratio is very bad), then you will have to park in pay and park area.
we were able to park inside the resort (at non-parking space), but had it not been for my parking skills and helpful hotel security, would have to park in pay n park.
that alone takes a star away from this resort.
lots of rush at breakfast time...had to wait quite a bit for an empty table...closes at 10.30 sharp...would have appreciated if it was on for longer since we used to come back late at night & had to specially get up for the breakfast.
only bad part of stay was slow room service, always room service number on waiting inform reception.
but staff was rude at reception and in room service.
while booking the hotel, we knew the location was good, as we intended to party & titos lane was just next door,it was perfect.lots of veg restaurants & market place around.
there was a balcony, which wasn't really helpful because it faced the road.
after repeated complaints, we were shifted to the new wing room after 2 days.
the property has 2 pools which was great, but other facilities like restaurant and common areas are not capable of handling all the rush when the hotel is booked at full capacity.
its like a mad rush at breakfast time.
very small parking area & if its full - you are supposed to park your car in a pay parking further away.
they even managed to serve rock solid idlies.....equally disastrous is chutney.
2.
there are 2 pools, not in very great state & mostly used by guest fathers to teach their kids in the mornings.
not satisfied at all.
was too disappointed.
we were not lucky.
amazing ... serene...excellent location.
neat and clean room... no bath tub etc but for the price you pay in goa one of the best place to stay in... helpful staff... chilled out place... lovely pool .. if u donot wish to soak yourself in the sea then pool is the answer.. good food, breakfast buffet was good too.... restaurants, night clubs, baga beach, shops etc at stones throw distance.
bell boy looks lazy, but works fine.
room service guys are so damn fast.
no so great place to stay.
he suggested an alternative room which was stinking and the ac in that room also wasn't working.
he clearly refused to help further.
spoke to the front office manager austin over the phone at around 11:45pm and he too denied any further help stating i can't do anything.
pathetic experience of their pathetic attitude.
went through a very uncomfortable situation at night where the weather is so humid and we were not able to sleep.
everything is at a walkable distance however was not at all happy with the service provided.
there was no cooling at all.
after complaining for 2 days there was no change.
the ground staff, staff at the restaurant & front desk is outright rude.
the house keeping staff back answered rudely & curtly when my mom asked for an extra napkin.
the café staff also back answered and actually yelled back that chai banane mein time lagta hai when we checked about a teas order placed for half an hour and wasn't served when there was no crowd at the café.
room cleaning was a disaster.
no changing of bedsheets.
no cleaning of utensil/ replacing the coffee mugs and clean the area.
all in all, experience at keys wasn't very great.
we expect courteous and helpful staff of all things which was a disaster here.
we were so disappointed.
the staff were fantastic cannot fault them.the hotel has unfortunately fallen in to a bit of disrepair.
can't fault the food it was very good although the choices were much more limited than before.
baga itself has totally changed not as relaxed as before we were opposite a night club that had garage music all night till about 2am and then everyone took to the streets horns blaring until about 6am so not a lot of sleep in the room we were in.
our room was in v block which is by the 2nd pool.
no hairdryer though.
pool towels available aswell but did find he was the only miserable one we came across.
negatives: swimming pool is not kept clean.
we know this is a very lively and noisy stretch of road so requested our room not to be in the front blocks.
however the room guy from the first room would do anything for you and went above and beyond, always with a smile.
we ended up with a boy who really was not a good reflection on the rest of the hotel staff, we had to ask for towels, sheets, water and actual cleaning of the bathroom to be done.
we're good tippers but don't like to feel that things won't get done unless you tip.
if not in the front blocks this hotel is in a great location with easy access to the beach, good restaurants and bars.
... and this is the 'best deal' in this location, there are other places as well nearby but either they are expensive or they just don't measure up ... do your research if you have to but make sure you stay here for a day at least.
our bad luck that there was a huge group of school boys that was there throughout our stay which was there for a football tournament so that made our stay too noisy and too crowded.
we asked for a baby cot but we were told that the cot had some repairs so they were kind enough to offer an extra mattress at no additional cost.
with the extra mattress the room got further congested due to lack of space.
second visit to the ronil ,,, after a 32 hour 58 minute delay .
no no no more like a prison room have a look .. changed room next day to room d5 with balcony room ok ... but standard .
ronil management sort your rooms out and don't treat your customers like fools .
the staff, especially housekeeping, were a bit tardy at times but otherwise i have no complaints.
don't miss the "keys" resort if you don't like hassles of travelling far from beach, or along with family coming over relaxed vacation.
sorry i'm booked in here for a month, arrived very tired and hot , just wanting to take a shower and 40 winks after a night flight without sleep.
check in was painfully slow and was then had to wait for our rooms over an hour and a half.
requested a room out back as hotel is on the very busy , highly noisy baga road .
non stop honking horns from the traffic.
room is ok and clean but the the hotel is full of ill mannered indians with hoards of kids wailing like banshees.
restaurant was a bad experience also due to the amount of rude i'll mannered indian guests pushing past our table .
i have now had to bite my lip and and count to ten so many time over our the last days to stop myself knocking them out cold.
i was going to book a pool facing room but i was getting a good deal on agoda for their deluxe premium room which on agoda they are showing as a room with a connected small room = a room with king size bed and a room with 2 single beds.
but when i checked in they gave me a gloomy room at the end of the hotel and i had a hamstring pull which made matters worse but the hotel refused to budge from their stand saying they had given me what i booked for !!
they gave me wifi after 2 days of arguing with them that wfi was free !!
we went to goa to celebrate our anniversary in feb 15 and booked this hotel online.
recommendation to take the pool view rooms as the rooms in any other side is too noisy.
they would approach everyone and strike up a conversation so friendly as if you knew them from ages.
hotel has excellent greenery and varandha from the first floor and nice swimming pool (bit dirty though).
c block is perhaps best room but we were housed in j block.
try to avoid this.
most disappointing is lack of smiling faces of staff and services.
i didn't get in the pool because it was so dirty for days with scum and bugs i couldn't understand why anyone would get in it.
food was hit and miss.
also at various times in the day and night you get a disguising smell from the drains and it made me feel sick, the whole room stank.
as for the road, you take your life in your hands crossing at times and i nearly got run over because the drivers are crazy and stop for no one.
i would not recommend this hotel for families.
the hotel rooms are filthy and the scum in the pool is discusting you would be better off sleeping in a shack in the slums of mumbai and swimming in a dirty swamp full of animal dung.
save your money don't go honestly.
also be warned if your wife,girlfriend is on the beach in bikini the locals are really perverse and constantly stare and try to take photo's.
rude staff, they have there own set of rules and do not honor what has been mentioned on website, there are better hotels in goa at this cost.
although it has tiny ants in the rooms and the kettle was grim.
weird smell too.
there was a driver call blossom (says blossom on his car too) do not trust him.
his a sweet talk and he will take you places you don't want to go and waste your time.
they charged me half days rent for checking out at 10pm when most hotels will charge you full rent.
finally we spoke to the gm and we cancelled the booking and shifted to country inn.
the location is not excellent but good.
breakfast service was average and the spread was also not that great.
though the rooms and the hotel infrastructure... are not perfect in terms of decor...or size etc..
but this one is a bit disappointing.
it is not worth the money they charge, probably they should reduce the tariff.
not at all friendly, the restaurant opens at 7am for complimentary buffet breakfast, but by the time all the stuff were put out and a cook showed up for the omelettes it was past 8.
another set of unfriendly staff can be found at the reception & pool area.
the rooms are average the bathroom is poor.
the towels in the bathroom was shockingly in bad shape.
it was torn in the ends, probably bought during the ronil's beach resort days.
overall an average property, had the tariffs been lower i would have rated slightly higher.
inspite of the madness around you, when you are in the resort it is peaceful & tranquil.
the hotel staff are so friendly, nothing is too much trouble, everyone is keen to talk to you.
our room was at the back of the hotel and wasn't as nice as some of the other rooms although i have been told that all the rooms are now of equal quality.
it was strange to find an indian front-desk guy with the name ludovic but he was very friendly and extremely helpful.
goa turned out to be a disappointment for me for many reasons and this may have coloured my views of my stay as i kept wishing i had gone back to thailand instead.
cons: incompetent service, cruddy bathrooms, ugly views from some buildings, awful entertainment, guests are charged for internet daily and per device.
but the worst was the resort's mandatory "christmas dinner" this year, at the exorbitant rate of 3,500 inr/head without alcohol.
even worse was the "dining entertainment" led by a host we dubbed "mc killjoy".
loud country music periodically interrupted by bingo (!!!)
it was a great, no frills hotel at a brilliant price.
it was nothing special, but for the price you pay it's good value.
we had a small problem when we arrived with the safe and the aircon, we reported it to reception and they sent someone to our room immeadiately to get it sorted - excellent service.
this hotel is right on the main road which was off putting when we arrived but with the secure gates at the entrance and security 24/7 it feels like you are well looked after from the chaos outside.
normally this doesn't excite me as hotel food is never that good but this hotel was different.
selected this hotel only for location.. only 10mins walk from the baga beach .. the location is really crowded.. specially during peak season.. service is below average.. definitely not value for money.. seems more importance is given to foreigners..
rooms are good & clean.. breakfast was average.. so much option but no taste.. wifi is chargeable.. even the shack near beaches offers free wifi now a days..
thomson website must take off a star to make it ttplus in place of ttt to prevent from misleading its customers.
in terms of indian standards the hotel is well furnished and equipped apart from my personal discomforts.
awful factor is the bathroom, especially the watery washbasin.
my personal problems were - the bathroom - exhaust fan was not working.
no carpets inside the room, so that the floor was always wet, and the bathroom was untidy after its use.
wash basin blocks after its use, with slow water drainage.
good thing was the staff personnel were good though were not much responsive.
it wasn't worth it (£4).
internet: no free wifi.
i spent £15 for internet connection which was not worth.
no gymnasium.
overall experience: cheated by photoshop marketing by thomsons.
if you want to offer your wife or girlfriend a season's treat, by booking this hotel,you will end up in a mess.
it was not worth the money i paid to thomoson uk (£800pp for 7 nights).
it's so bad that we just couldn't use the pool at all, and (2) better quality breakfast - while the spread is fairly decent, the quality definitely needs to be improved.
upon check in @ around 3am, no issues given room b05 pool facing room deluxe room with air con, clean bedding and towels everyday.
wasn't very happy with mr austin.. in regards to the christmas gala dinner, we told them we wasn't really bothered to attend as i know it would be more catered for children.
the day before christmas eve i received a call to say they wanted us to come and pick a table and would like us to attend so out of courtesy we said we would go, we went to book a table, he was very un help full and said we didn't want to go so i don't have a table.... you called our room and asked us to come and book, i said forget it we wont come on return from the beach @ 6.30 pm we was approached by mr austin he said mrs taylor i have booked you a table please come and join us it starts at 7pm, i said no thank you.
upon departure - we asked mr austin for a room, he told us he would sort it and not to worry and come back in the morning @ 9am, when we arrived at reception mr austin was not there the receptionist told us he was coming we waited 30 mins .... still no mr austin he was the only person that could allocate any rooms.
the receptionist then told us there was no rooms available at this point i asked to speak to the manager as mr austin had promised us a room, i explained to the manager that mr austin had promised us a room on departure and it would be sorted, he asked us to come back in 30 mins as mr austin has to look at the arrivals to see if we could have a room, when we got back we was allowed to keep our room on which we was grateful for ...... if mr a is the only person that can sort rooms out what would happen if he was unable to attend work one day????
our pick up was not until 9.45pm so me and my partner went for a walk and was sat in a small bar chatting and someone stole my bag this contained our travel documents passports, and other belongings, we went back to the hotel to the receptionist was very helpful and called our rep who was no help at all, we had to go to the police station no one could help us we had to make our own way, when we arrived at the police station we was advised our passports have been found we went back to the hotel and had to make our own way to the airport.
i really don't know what we would not have done if we didn't have money in my partners pocket as all the other money was stolen with the bag.
overall average hotel, you can find cheaper and better rooms outside, i would not recommend anyone to book with cosmos as sydney was never at the hotel if you needed the rep you had to call him, and was definitely no help when we had our bag stolen 45 mins before we left.
our first room allocated was a nightmare-banging & clacking all night from a generator above, we had little or no sleep for 3 nights.
however we would never have dreamed of swimming in the pool as it was the colour of dishwater which gradually got worse as our holiday went on!
rooms were dark,bathrooms in need of major renovation, house keeping poor.
looked like under the beds hadn't been swept for a while,pool was dirty and needed more chlorine.
the location is not so good in case you want a beach view or beach facing resort.
at first we had a issue with the room, but you can tell a good hotel and manager by how they sort out a problem, and they sorted the issue and a lovely 2 week stay.
the wifi was not great but this was a problem with baga in general.
there were no other room options online except for an upgrade to a superior room at an extra cost.
i am currently staying in ronil resort n these people are making me feel guilt that i am an indian.
i might be bit harsh, but thats the fact.
no one in the hotels care if you are a indian.
1) upma - no salt and half cooked.
3) poori bhaji - well this was the only thing which was eatable but hey there is no spices n salt is less too.. why no spices?
6) bread butter - can u image there was no butter left?
well this is for breakfast..
in my next review, i will be writing about the great gala pathetic dinner which took place on 25th dec'2014.
had few issues with power failure leading to ac switching off & water problem in bathroom but sorted out immediately by their team.
shame no free wifi so really dead as a cementry as people go on the beach bars.
it's cheaper fresh food and cold beers at next to nothing with free unlimited wifi which is great competitive attractions if ronil manager can adopt modern thinking to retain customers within the resort.
ambience : it is beautiful inside with access to swimming pool, so if you dont want to go to beach you can have a good sun bath inside the resort relaxing next to swimming pool, which is well maintained.you can also indulge in reading novels, or indoor games like pool and carrom board.
every evening there are local bands or singers performing along the pool side and it is enjoyable to have music while having dinner or drinks.
we booked the standard room which looks pretty decent on the keys website but we were shocked upon checking-in to find out that the room we were given was nowhere near to what was published on their website.
we immediately brought this to the notice of the front desk who were not very helpful and so we asked to speak to the general manager of the hotel who is mr. dennis d'costa.
there are many issues with this hotel and one which is very evident is the lack of communication and co-ordination between the keys management and owners.
- the website mentions 24 hours room service, but the room service is actually limited hours.
- the rooms are not well maintained and show signs of tremendous wear even though i was told that the hotel was renovated just 02 years back.
- the in-room coffee maker seemed like it was never ever washed as it had a terrible stink and could not be used.
the burgers we ordered did not seem fresh.
so does this make it ok to publish wrong information on your website??
this isn't helpful information to a guest and this isn't ethical business procedures.
and mr. d'costa, when you promise your guest that you will meet them, please do take them seriously and do take the time out to meet them.
i hav been to ronil 5 times but this time was the worst experience i an my family had would not recommend my frds.
maintanice is very poor.
first, they gave us a heavily stinking room.
when i complained, they changed the room.
they charged me for five star hotel rate but it was merely three star place.
the tariff is comparatively low than similar hotels.
but some things i found bad in this hotel.
one is the tv reception is poor, they are still depended on cable tvs even in these so called dth age.another thing is i reported two times that one of my pipes in bathroom is not working.
they failed to resolve it.
i booked the hotel off expedia who are not known to make mistakes in my experience.
the guy at reception noticing my dissatisfaction started to prepare my booking as well as dealing with the guests at the reception.
the guest registration card they prepared had my wrong name, nationality and method of payment.
i was in f block which is next to the main road so you can hear the horns of cars most of the day and night.
it wasn't horrible but wasn't pleasant either.
the shower had no hot water.
not worth the £55 per night price tag.
check in was very efficient even though it was 0300 when we arrived and quite a few guests to process and were allocated a room in v block ground floor.
we weren't delighted with the room as we like upper floors and decided we would ask for a change in the morning.
we were re located to c block first floor with no fuss whatsoever and now had a lovely room overlooking the main pool so would like to thank mr austin for that.
waiters were excellent and genuinely nice people who were always eager to please especially elvis who always stopped and had a little chat.
reception was also pretty good although when it came to a complaint (about which more later) the traditional indian habit of suddenly losing command of the english language reared its ugly head.
we preferred the rear pool simply because of the water condition - it seemed much cleaner, the front pool had a film on the surface largely due to lazy people not showering away their suntan oil before getting into the water.
all well so far but the room was a big problem.
the first room we were given was g8 which seemed ok until you opened up the curtain and went onto the balcony where you were greeted with the sight of a rubbish dump.
entertainment was better than i would have expected although there is a local government restriction on live music after 10.30 pm.
our fellow guests were all there for the same reason, to enjoy the hotel, amenities and basically chill, the only downside to the this was a certain nationality who it seemed were not happy until they were totally inebriated and boisterous & playing the security guards by midnight swims.
however the hotel did seem to promote the use of their laundry service which was rather pricey & boy was the internet charges really high and the package out dated.
it is a shame that keys resort didn't supply internet free for a period of 30 minutes per day so we could send quick messages to family back home, well we are in the 21st century.
the food was hit and miss with no 2 meals being the same but no dehli belly though!
and just one advice to upgrade your indoor games , like pool table sticks isn't good and so do change that .
the room is on the small side and our balcony was horrible and facing a brick road and old property next door.
the walls had big dirt marks on which could have been covered with a simple lick of paint.
the back room was very dirty and in need of some attention.
the location and excellent staff make up for the poor room.
maybe bcoz we had argument regarding d standard room.
there were no bell boys to carry our luggage....
now comes the review of breakfast in the morning...
i tried explaining them to not have jam but they could not understand as they are not well versed with english language...
3.
the room and stay were average, the swimming pool needed cleaning, probably coz it was rainy season.
so refer the date provided in the review.
rooms are good but not great.
ok, average.
rooms are just fit for 2 people - don't put any extra bed - room will cramp.
overall good option for budget traveller, who dont want to stay facing sea beach.
the bad part is .....
bad maintainence of rooms, i had to change 3 rooms bcoz in 2 of the rooms the flush was leaking.
just booked for christmas 2014.which has reminded me i haven't wrote a review for last year.so here goes.love this hotel so much the staff cant do enough for you spotless.very local to all bars & restuarants.
i heard there was some dispute and you can make out that the place has been divided.
it is rightly priced if you want to stay connected and in the centre of all the chaos, mayhem and party scene of baga - very centrally located - you can hop on to the main beach road.
it had a vast spread inclusive of eggs, muffins, sausages, cereals, juices and even an indian section which we vehemently avoided!
we booked ourselves in the j block because tripadvisor members seemed to vote that as the most quiet area of the property.
the room space was large and equipped with basic amenities like a fridge (surprisingly empty!
we didn't really face any untoward moments barring one incident where we repeatedly requested for housekeeping support but there was a considerable delay.
the property has two pools, one closer to the entrance (the big pool) and another (small) one at the back, closer to the block we stayed at.
in front of a group of blocks was a small garden...and paved stones were pathways around the hotel.
overall i would rate this stay as excellent as we got more than what we expected in the price we had to pay for 4 nights stay.
the dinner though was a big disappointment.
we had visited in july 2014. the location is very good.
we purchased vouchers through groupon and weren't disappointed .... no underlined clauses to get scared of...the staff was really courteous and warm...we even got our the room with the pool view.
the hotel is very well maintained and gives you the aura of being in goa.
my fiance and i stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and three days....we really had a great experience there.... the service was extremely good...the people were kind enough to guide us through.. loved our stayed there..we will surely stay in the same place next time we come to goa..also the food was soo good...the rooms were neat and tidy...stay was very comfortable...they even extended our check out timing which no other hotel does.
we went to goa in aug'14 and was little worried about how things will go as it was off-season.
though am not happy with the cleanliness in the hotel, luckily our room was clean enough.except this our stay at the hotel was good we would definitely come back and recommend to our friends.
the location is good, but the service quality is pathetic.
specially the team at the reception is completely unprofessional and cheap.
there is no hot water available in the rooms which are towards the reception area.
barring the location advantage i do not see any great positive aspect of this hotel.
excellent food but was bit costly.
everything was good and i could easily rate excellent for all categories.
there is just one downside.
this is perhaps the only hotel which assured us pool facing rooms which no other hotel did which i feel is really nice of them.
we stayed at this resort between 24th and 27th may and no second thaughts on the excellent service this resorts has to offerr.
no nonsense in and around the resort and just spend happy times with the loved ones during the entire stay.
people with kids may be bored as there is nothing much to do within the hotel premises, you will have to go out.
cons: no wifi !!!!!!
would recommend this place if you are looking for no frills, decent rooms, non-beach facing.
they gave the best rooms in the resort, on the ground floor with a balconies opening right towards the pool....just wonderful and the kids freaked out....
there is wifi - however, this is not free and costs around 110 ruppees an hour - although better deals are available.
on the subject of rooms, you will need to pay extra for a room with a vaguely decent view - it doesn't matter though, there is so much to do in and around baga, you probably won't spend too much time in the room.
the staff have no issues whatsoever with guests bringing in drinks from outside.
it's a shame the outdoor ovens and the bar have gone but the new reception was great.
the room cleaners do a fab job and we had no issues with the room.
the only put off was the taxi arranged by the hotel from outside, the taxi driver was rude enough & made sure that he did not stop just to buy a lock on our way to the airport.
the sad part was veg food, didn't like it much.
not sure about the non-veg food.
i was in this property for the annual meeting in the third week of april, had terrible time.
breakfast is the only good food time rest of the time food was horrible.
room service is one of the worst.
swimming pools was not clean and had poor hygiene.
conference hall was ill managed.
only disappointment was the wi-fi and internet facilities which were very costly as compared to anything else in goa.
i even talked with gm of hotel but he was also helpless in this regard.
a hotel which is so well positioned , closest to the best shopping area ,keep walking around no cab required.bagga beach ,titos,mambos all just a walk away , ice cream joints baskin ,natural just opposite .
the first room we were given had a broken safe and the a/c was noisy.
this was our 5th visit to goa and we would consider this hotel for our next stay.
our second visit to goa and the ronil and we weren't disappointed.over the past year they have made some tasteful improvements to the resort which add to its charm.the room (a02) was just what we wanted.a decent size room with everything you need for a comfy stay.the staff as last year,were friendly and always willing to look after us with whatever we needed.my only complaint is the wifi,£5.50 for 24 hours for each device is nothing but robbery.when you consider you can get it for nothing in every beach shack in goa!!!
travelled to goa for the 1st time 14th march for 2 weeks and checked into the key resort ronil, what a surprise, a gem in baga, would highly recommed this hotel, we stayed in block d just at the side of the main pool, large spacious airy room, fantastic shower, flat screen tv and the most comfortable bed we have slept in, bright spacious dinning area and lovely breakfasts, omelettes to die for.
fourth stay at the ronil, clean,staff are friendly , nice clean grounds,hotel n rooms have had a upgrade ,tea /coffee making facilities ,a/c fridge ,food was very nice lovely goan currys ,buffet breakfast ,, beach a stroll down tito,s road,central to shops bars and other restraunts ,fire and ice nice steaks,kindman nice sunday dinners n pork chops ,jamies place ,baga famous for jewellry n diamonds see prince jewwellery down csm road ,would certainly recomend this hotel .
back to the hotel, the rooms were more than adequate, though by no means luxurious, a very good super king size bed, sufficient wardrobe and cupboard space, room on top of the wardrobe for a couple of cases, very good shower, air conditioning and a safe, tea and coffee facilities.
top tip here is to drop your room boy 100 rupees (£1) every other day or so, rather than wait until the end of the holiday, this will ensure you get great service, and probably a bottle of water every day in your room.
and fresh fruit.. only complaint i have is the wi-fi, but this appears to be the norm in goa.
twice a day for around 5 minutes at a time, this means, either paying £2 a day (2 sessions) no big deal but having to enter a new 20 digit code and re-registering every time... not for me") your alternative would be to buy for the fortnight, that would be a whopping £80+).
no, despite all the good points in the hotel, the staff being wonderful (special thanks to cruze in the restaurant), the wi-fi issue have meant that when we go back in february we wont be staying at the ronil, though we have booked nearby, shame but maybe that's just me.
the hotel is itself a tranquil oasis from the constant noise and traffic chaos of the local roads.
my room was in the j block at the back of the hotel with no noise from the outside, the room was large with a comfortable bed, good air conditioning and a ceiling fan, the only downside being that the balcony was on the small side.
the vouchers would cover a good meal but could not be used towards any drinks so that even if your meal was only 400 rupees and drinks were 100 you still had to pay the 100 as an extra and loose the 100 from the voucher.
great hotel, recommend it, we stayed for 2 weeks in february and paid extra for a balcony room, it was well worth it.
my only criticism is that you had pay for the wifi, where every where else it's free including all the beach shacks and restaurants, why cannot the hotel be the same?
this is the second time we have stayed at ronil after comming to goa for 25 years and what a wonderfull stay we had,the improvements are excellent and the hotel is even better than last year even though we had no complaints then,once again thankyou to cruz for looking after us in the resteraunt you are a asset to the ronil.also what a wonderfull plane the dreamliner is.back to normal now but looking forward to staying at ronil again next year we couldnt fault it.keep up the good work and thanku to the management for our wonderfull stay.......rita n john wood.
prior to travelling out to goa we emailed a request for a pool view room in block v and we were not disappointed.
(see attached plan of ronil block layout).
the only criticism is that we were told that pool view rooms were regarded as an upgrade and we had to pay and extra £5.00 per day.
whilst the room we had was brilliant we did feel a little aggrieved since we spoke with some residents that had pool views in other blocks and did not have to pay any extra.
we did read other reviews on tripadvisor about avoiding certain blocks around the main pool due to noise from the entertainment.
the waiter service in general is excellent nothing is too much trouble and everyone is very friendly and accommodating.
we were surprised by the lack of free wifi.
the only major disappointment was on our day of departure.
furthermore we asked if there would be a courtesy room available later on so that we could shower and change, again we were told no.
as things turned out our flight was delayed by 24 hours and somehow the hotel found us a room for the next day in block b (pool view) which we didn't have to vacate until 9.00pm.
just a suggestion to mr d'costa: it might be useful to avoid confrontations with residents on arrival if you liaised travel agents and ask them to make it clear in their literature that there are different room rates.
try saturday market at anjuna beach ( i missed it this time due to flight dates ).
two let downs, a very poor cable connection to the tv.
the beds were somehow uncomfortable (coir and spring mattress i guess), even in the executive rooms facing the pool where i was put up.
we are part of a hard core of regulars that return to the ronil year after year.
we found nothing was too much trouble for them to ensure we had a very comfortable and happy stay.
the main problem appeared to be serving hot food all together but , as the management are already aware of this, i am sure these issues will shortly be sorted out.
one mistake i feel has been made is the removal of the outside tandoor which, to me, typifies indian food and made a very good visual impact on guests.
on the day we were due to fly out of goa the taxi drivers went on strike and there was no practical way for us to get to the airport.
bearing in mind we were independant travellers it did pose a considerable problem.
rooms were clean although the bathroom was a bit dissatisfying factor.
they created no fuss on anything and was great value for money.
i was disappointed to see the tandori had been removed but understand it is being brought back out in public view which is a great focal point when you are dining in the restaurant.
i did feel that the food was not as good as previous years and that on a couple of occasions was not very hot.
great superior pool view room s6, large balcony table and chairs, good food at reasonable prices, bar prices more expensive than out side bars, but not over priced, not easy to get sun loungers but the beach is 5 mins down tito's road .
3) resort architecture, look and feel is good.
if you forget to take something you can buy it on your doorstep.
much better bar area, dining area moved around but much the same as before i thought the breakfast was an improvement from my last visit, choices where mixed fruits, eggs done to your choice boiled etc, porridge cornflakes toast etc etc, plus indian stuff i must admit didnt try but looked liked pancakes filled with rice & veg, to sum up on breakfast ample i thought, any problems with cleaned tables just tell staff on hand & one will be cleaned for you, well done boys cruz & gang, do think the open cooking area was a nice touch in the evening which is now missing shame.
rooms, we were put in a room right on baga road which was very noisey day & night so told reception straight away, the room itself was very modern & well decorated, we were moved the first day to v block which i must say was much quieter but in need of modernization, peace outweighed noise, so thanks again captian philips & staff.
you can arrange a trip to elephants & spice plantation with cab drivers dont forget to agree price before going.
pool and bar areas very nice restaurant not so good or clean.
breakfast choice extremely poor but prices are so incredibly cheap in resort it didn't make any difference to our holiday.
we have stayed in a few areas/hotels but since staying here the first time we do not want to stay anywhere else.
i read a comment from someone saying, 'it is not for couples' i totally disagree with this.
the evening meals are amazing and in all the 6 years we have been coming we have not once had an upset stomach.
we were in block b and i think c and a are quiet too.
we ate here in the evening on one occasion for a buffet but was not impressed.
the housekeeping was great my only criticism was i would have preferred the same room attendant for the duration of my stay.
best rooms: in blocks v, g, i and j.
the pool-side has live musicians / singers who play in the evening so rooms near the main pool can be a bit noisy.
breakfast: this is an area that showed no improvement (perhaps even a minor deterioration).
basic eggs made to order (omelet, scrambled, fried), toast, jam, butter, pork sausages of poor quality, oily bacon (no effort to put the bacon on tissue paper to absorb the oil), tinned baked beans, canned juices, porridge, one counter serving south india breakfast (dosa's were strictly average this time, whereas we enjoyed them in dec 2011), one puri-bhaji option (the bhaji was quite sad), tea / coffee.
this was our 10th visit to the ronil and whilst we have always loved the ethos of the place, it was good to see the changes made to the fabric of the hotel since the influx of new money following its purchase by keys hotels.refurbishment of the accommodation rooms resulted in great new showers,( no more fluctuating water temperatures!)
the quality of water in the swimming pool was not so good as we found a lot of debris like dead insects and dirt particles from the trees surrounding the pool.
this the third time here just home after christmas and new year.the staff were very helpful and friendly,cleaners pool attendants were always smileing and helpful.hotel has been updated since last year also the room we had was clean and well comfy.although they do let rooms to other indian people so we had abit of noise on a couple of weekend days so beware of this upset ask where your room is!
hotel was under renovation so little chaotic, but its gonna be great once done.
when we arrived in the morning we were given mediocre room with the with the most dreadful view.
also the breakfast for all the 3 days had very little options, was exactly the same and was just not good.
the worst part was that they did not even provide us with drinking water.
and when we complained at the reception they said that "it is the housekeeping's fault, not ours".
also we had to pay for our wifi which was rs 50 for an hour.
we stayed at the keys ronil (not the ronil royale, don't confuse the two which are next to each other) for 2 weeks over christmas.
no hair dryer tho i understand you can request one if needed.
the air cond worked fine until our last night when it packed up and refused to be mended despite much trying by the maintenance men.
the standard was on the ground floor, with a 'balcony' overlooking a not very nice view of the farm next door (where snakes lurk, according to the room boys!
), and a dumping ground for broken stuff.
the communal stair and hall areas were however not kept clean- there were frequently piles of dirty plates and glasses with congealing food left outside rooms often for days, but when we mentioned this to the reception they were cleared quite quickly.
i would just mention that the ladders into the smaller pool were difficult to use, as they sloped down, so getting out was a challenge and could be dangerous.
you have to buy a code of you want wifi ( it's not expensive but a bit annoying to have to use a code).
the waiters were superb, friendly and helpful, full of good advice and one or two had a wicked sense of humour!
you cannot buy malarone anti malarial tablets unfortunately, one thing i did try to find.
if i were to return to baga i would seriously consider returning to keys ronil.
not so friendly staff.
it is not hard to find issues of cleanliness or poor maintenance but this is one of bagas oldest hotels and i think the management are really trying quite hard to address the overall standards.
you cannot find a better placed hotel, bang in the middle of all the restaurants, night clubs and myriad of shops and bazaars.
the hotel rooms are are set back from the road, apart from those situated over the reception, avoid these at all costs.
i asked the engineer to bump up the hot water, no problem.
most travel companies give three days of vouchers for the restaurant and i think you would be foolish not to use them.
the staff sometimes appear laid back or indifferent but that's the way goans are.
take the trouble to have a chat and a joke and you will find that that goans are the most charming and generous people in the world.
so, keys ronil beach is a great place for holiday and great value, maybe a little worn round the edges, but not to the point where it will affect your holiday.
right opposite is titos lane where you have titos which i wouldnt recommend, but walk down titos lane and youll find baga beach.
people will try sell you something every 5 minutes while on the beach, and they think because were from the uk were have lots of money and try charge a ridiculous price for something that actually is sold for 50 or 100 rupees, so i would advise if you have never been to goa before, get a feel of things and prices of things before buying anything, because we learnt the hard way.
back to the hotel, the rooms were okay, we had room a5, which probably could do with a little updating, there was squashed mosquitos on the wall upon arrival and dirt on the walls, but nothing too bad, tv was good and sattelite tv air con and safe are all free.
breakfast was pretty much the same every day and we felt that there was not a lot of choice if you didnt want to eat indian food.
i did a lot of research before finalising the hotel stay and after days of confusions, finally chose keys resort ronil.
the restaurant staff, except the chef, seems to have no clue about the food if you ask them.
the worst part was the service staff who came to pick up luggage at teh time of check out.
when we raised it at the reception, the guy started talking rudely to us and even the front office guys cud not say anything to him to tone him down.
overall a decent stay which ended on a bad note.
the rooms were ok nothing special, the food during the day was fine , we found not very good at night.
just a couple of problems.
no wifi in the rooms which in 2013 is unacceptable.
food in the sunrise bar, a few doors away is much better, bigger choice and much cheaper, although the place itself is nowhere near as nice as the hotel.
they kept their doors open and were running around into each others rooms, banging doors until after 3.00 am every night, shouting, singing, partying with no consideration for anyone else.
the landing was like a pig sty with half eaten plates of food and other litter dumped in the middle of the landing, and one night piles of hair, after one or more of them cut their hair and threw it on the landing.
we ended up confronting them about the noise one night at 3.00 am and complained to reception the following morning.
apart from this problem we had a fantastic time and will be back - bringing our mobile phone with us next time.
my family was aghast with the earlier hotel 'white pearl suites' ive booked initially and we had checked out 2 days early due to its bad standards and poor location.
the room (f06) they gave us was sooo small and cramped that after placing our bags there was no place to even have food in the room forget about moving freely in the room.
there was any centre table, no side couches nothing.
no centre table, no couch, no chair nothing.
that was very inconsiderate given the fact that our 6 month old child was accompanying us.
also we had told the hotel reception staff that we checked out of the earlier hotel due to poor hospitality still they didnt made any effort to make our stay any comfortable by giving us a good room.
as already the kid was giving us a hard time we did not had the energy to change the hotel and somehow stayed that night in that tiny room which was their 'standard room' but ghastly small from the pictures they boast as their standard room at the various travel sites.
there wasnt any shower gel in the bath room, no cream/lotion, no hand tissues, no bath tub.
the dustbins placed in the room and the washroom did not have removable polybags neither was any 'disposable' bag placed in the toiletries making us hesitant in dumping the baby diapers so weve call for polybags for the same.
the indoor plantations of the hotel too are nice and give you a close to nature and soothing feel however the flying bugs might be a slight problem.
the sight of that was quite weird as ive never witnessed such in any of the breakfast menu in any property ever.
overall the feel of the hotel as a whole when you either at its pool side or strolling in the lobby is nice but given the alice in wonderland sized room and facilities i did not found it value for my money.
i have been coming to baga twice a year for three years, but this is the first time i have stayed in a hotel,my friends and i always eat at the ronil fabulous food, my brother came with me this time so i booked a deluxe room with twin beds, we arrived at 3am was taken to a room but no twin beds, so the next room had twin beds but looked over a building site with a generator next to the window, next day room three third floor so my brother can't do many stairs.
not many sunbeds, and it's who you no!!!
i stayed here on a weekend trip while in india for work in november 2013 and truly enjoyed my time.
we initially thought this should be excellent resort in and out but we were unfortunately wrong.
this resort is currently under rennovation and may not be ready till dec - jan 2014 for sure.
as soon as you enter you will realise the mistake, construction sound from every where, even the parking lot has lots of construction material lying there.
they are servink breakfast at makeshift area, no where close to what was expected.
we were staying in one of their biggest rooms as per them and these rooms are so small that if you have kids you will struggle to roam around.
definately not recommended for families at all...you will be definately disappointed.
on top of that no internet, not even phone signals.
they said wi-fi is charged at rs.
we had a great stay at ronil, but had a lot of complain with the staff.
on the bed we by mistake fall the cigerate ash and they charge rs 2000 for that.check out timings are 11:00 we were sleeping and staff came and were standing outside the room till we came out with our bags.
pool water is very bad, our whole group got skin infection.
house keeping has no sense of cleaning the room, they just went off and left the floor and washroom wet.
decor is below par and breakfast served is awful!!
the food served is also pretty decent, so once in a while if you have had a hectic schedule, you can order in your room and you won’t be disappointed.
couples may not enjoy this place as much.
but u wont like to stay here if u are looking for a luxurious pampering vacation.
if u want to enjoy,dance till u drop then its the best hotel.
i stayed at 5this hotel four nights recently.
when making reservation i confirmed with the reception that the place is quiet and no major activities (such as construction) is taking place.
i had been lied to!
instead, when i arrived practically every room is being torn down and construction is everywhere at the hotel.
it was so noisy during the day that i simply left by 9:00 a.m. and did not return until late evening.
bathroom floor and wall were very dirty.
i brought these to the attention of the management who provided assurance that they will take care of these problems.
but, no one did anything during my stay.
hotel is going on a tremendous renovation and you might feel little uncomfortable due to that but rest every thing was good , very good food , people were helpful overall very much recommendable to every body and would definitely would stay with keys ronil again .
just a polite note to the hotel staff / omlet cook , please pay attention to guest needs and win over there heart with just a small gesture ( mushroom ) .
sadly following my marriage break up i don't know when i can return.
after being battered at lazy lagoon we took resort in this beautiful resort and it turned out we were never wrong this time around.the quality of food and the hotel room was good.
our room number was f5, we had no complaints.
the towel hire service is great as i don't like packing beach towels due to the weight.
i lovedddd this place, i got to know abt it thru a friend and me n my husband were skeptical bt we decided to give it a try and i mst say it ws sooooo soooo dam worth it in everyway.
however would like to mention that when we first booked the room via online the hotel had not received the intimation when we called them and there was this lady at the reception or which dept i dont know but she was outrageously rude when we tried to talk to her, she just said we havent received the confirmation yet and slammed the phone on us and she did it twice and very very surprising the same lady was diabetacally sweet once she received our confirmation.
we and my husband are into a service business and one tip to that lady irrespective how the customer you have to be polite and listen and respect afterall just by that a prospect customer can become ur customer or you can lose out on that guest.
one bad apple spoils the bunch.
excellent hotel with extremely helpful management and staff.
i cannot fault the ronil and would highly recommend a stay it is a welcome retreat from the madness of baga road but if you want to get out and about everything is on the door step.
our room was clean and comfy.
by this i no way implies its nt for family but with kid specially small you will require slighltly bigger rooms.
it is on the main road and is extremely noisy/busy these days so we contacted the hotel prior to arriving requesting a rear block room and we were allocated a top floor room overlooking the rear pool which was ideal.
no complaints at all really, nice hotel providing you have your 'india' head on and right in the middle of the action for baga.
rooms desperately need refurbishing.
i would have liked if they had a vallet parking as checking in took us one hour as there was no space for parking and someone had blocked the entrance and the staff did not have keys of that car.
both my room and my friends room had minor mould growing on one of the inside walls and around the bathroom basin - it's dead easy to sort out so there should be no excuse.
the shower head was encrusted with greenish limescale - again no excuse for not sorting this out.
the main pool you could not swim length wise as it varied from 2 feet to 7 feet in depth.
the initial hotel check-in was disappointing as it looked as though i was not their check-in list, it was a good job i kept all my printed paperwork with me to prove the reservation was made.
- be careful not to get a room too near the road as it can be very noisy, otherwise most other rooms suffer little noise.
i did cut my toe badly so please wear sandals.
expect to pay a massive 1,500 rupees entrance for men even on a monday night.
there is a taxi stop right outside the hotel - as soon as you step out the hotel you will definitely hear taxi drivers asking to take you somewhere.
staff was courteous but indifferent as well at times.the most amazing thing about the hotel was its location.
we arrived at this hotel after a hellish three hour queue in the airport and then an hour or so on the coach to find our room was not ready.
after about 90 minutes of sitting about we eventually went to the room in v block and it was awful.
also it was right next to some sort of boiler house or something that was so noisy that even without sleep for 24 hours i could not nod off.
we complained to the rep who told us that they would move us to another room but it was in the same block, i then complained and explained i wanted a different block and we were moved to g block which was when the holiday started to improve.
breakfast was okay but sometimes we struggled for seats at peak times.
the pool scene was none existent, only a few loungers and all with towels on very early, but then why would you want to sit around a pool with no music and no life when there is so much more to do outside the hotel.
it reminded me of an oap home at times so not very good for young travellers.
would i go back - no but the airport nightmare put us off and i would spend more money and stay in a more modern hotel with more life.
they put in the block we'd asked for by e-mail and the room was nice and clean.
if you are reading this planning your first holiday to goa,remember where you are going,it's india not florida.go with an open mind.it can be a bit of a culture shock!!!
it had a bed a tv a fridge and a bathroom with a shower.air con was a mercy but if you don't like it,turn it off and use the ceiling fan instead.
if you want some clothes made seriously cheap,take your favourites,or pictures from your favourite book(next) etc and get them tailor made in a couple of days either at the on site shop,or turn right out of the resort,walk about 100 yards and you'll find one there on the right.from suits to leather jackets shirts the lot.i had 4 shirts made,£50.would have been £120-£160 in england.
on both visits we we were not happy with the rooms at first and asked to move which was not a problem.
this hotel has the best location in baga, across the road from titto's lane that leads down to the beach, lots of shops and restaurants all around within walking distance.the staff were all lovely and helpful throughout our stay, especially out waiter shakier.
the staff are fantastic - so friendly and helpful - nothing is too much trouble.
1.
fire and ice - csm road - really reasonable prices and apparently the steak is fabulous (not a steak lover so can't confirm that but the meals we had were lush.)
i think i've missed some out here, but all the food was just so good everywhere we went and so reasonably priced too.
spent a few days at the ronil resort.
no problems with security, my laptop was out on the desk most of our stay and nothing was ever a miss.
the hotel must have considerable attractions as there is a hard core of regular guests some of whom have been customers for longer than us.
i do appreciate that the fabric of the hotel has become tired and does require some work on it.
we were delayed going out by two and a half hours, which by the time we got to the hotel we were shattered.
got to our first room v24 and i wasnt happy.
we found the bed was hard and couldnt sleep well for two weeks.
air con worked but not that great, door bell sounded like a fire alarm.
i would of loved to try the indian breakfast but there was no detail of saying what it was and what was in it.
it would be a big shame if the staff were changed as they made our holiday.
the room was too small and not worth the price.
no complimentary water.
bed is also not great.
so there is not much benefit in staying in this hotel (no sea view rooms).
i wasnt too happy with my experience here.
i felt like for the price the hotel charges it would have been better.
just come home from another wonderfull holiday in goa ronil hotel was excellant clean room towels n bedding changed every day very good staff good breakfasts nice pools my only objection was the reserved sunbeds towels being put on the night before there was pool attendants but he seemed to reserve them for certain guests surley he could have taken the towels off we sat one day around the pool the attendant said there was no sunbeds every bed had a towel on n from 9am until 1pm not one person came to the beds i find this un acceptable n something needs doing about it.otherwise we will def stay at ronil again next yeer they also included 3 meal vouchers per week this is excellent.really nice hotel.v block very good quiet.
it's best usp is it's location, located right in front of tito's lane, it is just a walk away from all the good diners and party places, supermarkets, atm and also no need to worry about utilities, food and partying out till late.
it's safe for women traveling and staying alone.
i had asked for room in the blocks away from the road and not on ground floor and they took care of my request.
they in fact have two swimming pools, one main pool and another small pool for the blocks.
a bit pricey, but then i'd asked for breakfast inclusion (without having breakfast on a single day) the one problem that i'd was that their walls are not sound proof, could hear every single word and movement in the room adjacent to me sometimes, of course the ac and the fan did act as buffer, but i wish hotel management would look into this problem as it can be inconvenient and embarrassing.
room tip - ask for rooms on 1st or 2nd floor in the new block away from the main pool and road area.
there are several blocks to the complex set around a big and small pool.
the blocks to the rear of the complex were bigger ans more recently built.
the only thing that ticked me about the place was bathroom, everytime you use the flush it gushed absolutely dark colored water, that looked more like sewage water.
avoid ground floor rooms, as most tourists who come back late at night are pretty noisy!
but if staying in luxury is your thing wouldn't really recommend this place.
we reached few hours earlier than the check in time, but no fuss, the keys were handed over to us.
the rooms are cleaned everyday and shower has good water pressure.
wifi is only available near the reception and the speed is not good.
stayed here from jan 17 for four nights.in all aspect its a perfect decision made by us for staying at this hotel .a stone throw away from beach,restaurants,taxis, night clubs and all things u can experience in baga...nice behaving from all the staffs,prompt room service, nice food and all in all i gave 10/10.3 things i dont satisfied are unavailability of wifi in the room , lack of toileteries and tea coffe maker .
we had a fabulous time and could not really find many faults with the hotel.
the staff were excellent and nothing was too much trouble - from the lady who swept around the garden and pool areas to the general manager (dennis).
stayed at this hotel 3 years in a row and hope to spend many more.staff are great food is great.just love everything about this hotel .when we arrived last year at 2 oclock in the morning we where given j block which i didnt fancy staying in.
the staff were absolutely wonderful and attentive from teh pool boys to the restaurant workers nothing was too much trouble.
the majority of people we met were back at the ronil for the umpteenth time and who could blame them?
as always the staff were fantastic always there to help nothing was too much trouble.
once we'd been shown a terrible room( dirty,broken insect screen,stained sheets) and though exhausted,gone through the well practised pantomime of asking for a better room and being shown a better room and a hugely better upgrade room,we opted for an upgrade which enabled us to stay here .the initial room was so bad that we would have sought alternative accommodation there and then.we learned from other guests that this is a commonly observed rigmarole at this place.
a pity really because it's so much better than that.the staff are a friendly ,helpful and hardworking team and the hotel is well situated in busy baga.we had a lovely time there and would go back but only if we could secure a good room without that pantomime.
as we reached there, we were stunned and surprised only to find out that the rooms booked on special request for my grandmother were given to some other people, and on top of that there was no arrangement of wheelchair.
we were literally harassed by such behaviour of the ronil resort staff.
this was sheer mental harassment for us.
would not recommend or suggest this resort for anyone.
i would say that blocks e f & g would be noisy and anything directly above reception.
the pool itself was quite warm as it gets the sun most of the day but the bottom of the pool was a bit "slimy" and you frequently lost your balance when walking in.
the rooms are small but adequate , the bathroom is fine , with a walk in shower , toilet and vanity.
there are no tea and coffee making facilites so don't forget the travel kettle .
food at the hotel is fine and they do try and please their guests , cheese on toast is a bit odd but passable and curry for breakfast is a bit odd.
the sea can become quite rough and care must be taken to stay within the "safe swim zone flags" but it is great fun trying to stay upright.the shacks are a great diversion and they are quite happy for you to stay all day at no charge but you will be expected to buy a couple of beers / soft drinks and or a lunch garlic prawns and a 600ml kingfisher for under 3 quid .... rude not to.
eating out is fantastic , be warned curries are not what they are in the uk , they are alot hotter , even a butter chicken and a korma was far to hot for my friends taste.
best restaurants : east meets west (opposite the nazri resort turn right outside the hotel) and fire and ice ( left out of the hotel and turn right at pinto's on the corner.)
i was unfortunate enough to fall ill whislt there and had to call a doctor urgently , please be aware that they will call a doctor that doesn't speak very good english.
he totally misdiagnosed me and if i hadn't been flying home 4 days later i would have been very ill indeed , i spent 3 days in hospital on arrival in the uk and hopefully there will be no lasting damage.
goa is cheap and struggled to spend £600 in 2 weeks including gifts to bring home and eating out most nights.
i don't expect much from a fairly cheap hotel, the weather here is fantastic, it has a pool, so as long as the service is acceptable i'm fine.
unfortunately the staff on reception were rude and disorganised.
not helpful.
clearly stated it had 20 hours remaining validity, but they made me pay again.
view from the balcony over a rubbish dump so get a pool facing room.
there are lots of contradictory reviews on this hotel and that is mainly down to what type of room you get.
the older rooms are really poor but the newer rooms are fine.
i emailed ahead and asked for a newer room and got one in block g. it was fine and met all our needs.
the poor areas are really nice although they could do with a few more sunbeds.
the food is bad and expensive, i must say.
various issues ranging from lack of cleanliness to broken and horrendously noisy air conditioning.
however, you must bear in mind that in india, you certainly get what you pay for.
dirty, grubby, noisy and tacky.
these beaches are a vast improvement over baga which is barely worth a stroll (and mind your feet on the broken glass and dog poo!).
stayed at this hotel for our second time nov/dec we emailed ahead and asked if it was possible to have a room in block j or v, having been delayed at gatwick for nearly 24 hrs thought we would be able to check straight in when we arrived (being as our room was booked and paid for from the sunday) but we were told our room wasn't ready we would have to wait, when we tried to explain that we had been delayed communication broke down completely.
when we were eventually shown to a room it must have been the worst room they have, can't remember the room number but we had to use a lift and went down a dark corridor with mattresses stacked outside, took one look at the room and back to reception we went.
we noticed that the rooms by the larger pool were being upgraded and hope this will continue throughout the hotel because rooms are looking very tired.
i had a problem at the time of check-in and they solved it in seconds.
i didn't like one thing.
this is not fair.
the rooms remain very basic with not enough drawer(one small one in the tv table and one small one inside the cupboard) or wardrobe space, and no bedside cabinet on one side of the bed, for glasses, books etc.
it was hard to keep the room tidy and know where anything was because of the lack of storage space, plus it was quite dark inside all the time needing the lights on, as the small balcony never saw the sun.
the whole room became very wet, very quickly and the one small bath mat was not adequate to soak up the water.
they didn't belong to the hotel and were to be collected up and taken to be dumped at the fish market, so we tried to get them rescued and sterilized.
animal rescue came, but needed to return the day after we were leaving, to trap the cats and kittens.
this was our first time in india and we were not sure to expect.
the ups are (in no particular order) the staff are excellent, very friendly and job conscious.
my advice to anyone would be to leave some space in your case and get tailor made clothes from here.
the other shop is the jewellers (sorry ive lost card) is superb quality and value for money.
take old gold that you no longer use and they will melt it down and use it to make you bespoke jewellery.
accommodation is basic and rooms in v bloc or any at the back of the hotel are best but not v30 which has the compressor for the air-con above and is torture.
the staff are all willing and though breakfast is a limited mix of indian and english so it's ok and i can recommend the eggs.
any problems just have a word with austin, he's a very nice man.
hotel staff were very friendly and helpful , nothing was too much trouble .
this hotel is low rise built around the swimming pools.
it is centrally located but seems calm and tranquil once you leave the main road.
although only booked as bed and breakfast we were given 3 meal tickets each which allowed us to have lunch or dinner at the hotel and simply pay any extra.
we stayed at the ronils resort in the beginning of october 2012. i must say that although the hotel itself was not too bad, the service was pathetic.
we tried for 2days to get someone to sort the problem, but no one ever did.
the tv was of the really old crt screen types and was pretty much useless.
the included breakfast is pretty spartan with the spread limited to toast and eggs to order, puri, sambar and either vada or uttapam.
there are a few pieces of cut fruits too.
other than the eggs, there are no options for non-vegetarians in the included breakfast.
arrived room was ok bit basic, bathroom was very basic and the bath was dirty stains in tub and mould on shower curtain, pics to show, not what i had expected for there deluxe room!!!!
staff were very friendly, hard working and nice, but could have looked alittle smarter in apperiance.
it was just the beginning of the season, there were 2 sun loungers both dirty, the rest were being painted ready for the charter flights to arrive in 3 weeks.
would i stay again, yes at £25 a night, no at any other price!!!!!!
we arrived at the ronil beach exhausted after the long flight and had to wait hours in reception until a room was available along with other guests that were on our flight.
the rooms are very basic, ours looked over the pool so was nice and quiet with a view where as some rooms overlook the main baga road and its 24 hour non stop noise of pipping horns.
they even gifted me a complimentary birthday cake :d :d. there is only one negative and that is the vegetarian food at the breakfast buffet.
it's not good.
got 1room on arrival and manager moved us next day with no problem so both had pool view.
i would recommend this for family and groups - price a bit costly but you get complimentary breakfast .
its a bit old and run down now but you get more than what you pay for as the rates have really not gone up much since we first started visiting.
a killer of a combination.
the best part of this hotel is its friendly staff and excellent service, we complained of an ac problem due to power fluctuation at 3.00 am in the morning and were promptly sent an engineer to resolve it.
no upset tummies here or elsewhere.
unfortunately a few of the locals don't understand poolside ettiquette and get a bit shirty about the europeans having the loungers with a least one racist comment made.
the main road at the front is very noisy as the highway code consists entirely of blowing your horn every 5 seconds.
the rear of the hotel backs on to some empty fields so is very quiet.
definitely worth a try as no matter where you stay the standards are very similar.
they refused to provide complementary breakfast on the first day even though we informed them that we would be checking out at 5 am on departure date and would not be availing our morning breakfast entitlement.
ordering a mineral water bottle after 10:00 pm means you have to pay on the spot and it will not be charged to your room during checkout.
ac not effective at all.
overall, the hotel is highly not recommended.
basic breakfast - edible, but boring.
but overall was an absolute break, the hotel was clean well kept and well, i cannot fault this one either, the only things which bugged me was the fans on all night but if they had stopped we would have sweated like hell.
first impressions were not very good - we were shown to a room, i think was 'c' block and it was awful.
my daughter and i have never viewed a room in such bad condition and in need to repairs.
there was a crack down the corner of a wall that you could have fitted a book into, and the overall state of the room was beyond poor.
we went back to reception to request another room and were treated very badly.
initially the man at reception was quite pleasant until we refused to move into the room then another man who intoduced himself as 'duty manager' spoke to us and was etremely rude and would not allow us to speak really.
the hotel pools did not have filters and became very dirty with a scum always present along the surface.
when the edges of the pool were cleaned, all the dirt was then washed into the pool as was the water used for cleaning the floors asround the pool - it was quite disgusting.
the ronil beach hotel needs urgent refurbishment - the owners should invest money into the place and then it may be a more acceptable place to stay - it is only popular because of its location!!
anyone booking this hotel, must be very cautious of the rooms - some have been upgraded and others have not.
spent 2 great weeks at the ronil, the food was lovely, even better when you was given 6 vouchers worth 1000 rupess per couple, no charge for air con or safe deposit box's, clean beach or pool towels every day, pool area was very clean, would i go back?????
theres lots of great eating places in baga, titos, fire and ice, east meets west, lazy days, all very good restaurants.
just got back from 2 weeks staying at the ronil,we had already stayed there before, the room we had was quite good by indias standard, very clean with clean sheets and towels every day,and free beach towels if you needed them, the food was good and plenty of it , the hotel staff are very freindly and really helpfull ,there was not many sunbeds but we never used them anyway so it didn't bother us the hotel also give you six vouchers to use for meals a handy thing if you cant be bothered to eat out ,the hotel is in a good spot and handy for everything baga has to offer,the only downside of our holiday was coco who works at xaviers beach shack hit a dog with a metal pole in for nothing and other cases of cruelty to the dogs on the beaches,there was also a lot of rubbish on the beach itself ,what a shame it could be lovely if they clean it up.
we have just arrived back from a great stay at the ronil beach resort, upon arrival as it was early morning we were told to leave our things in reception and go and help ourselves to breakfast, breakfast is great!
we had to wait a while for our room, which the first one we were given we changed, i think you do have to try and over come the shock of goa and the basic accomodation if you haven't been before but we were quickly put into another room we were happier with.
it was however clear very quickly that many of the people staying in the hotel come back every year and pick the rooms they want which are all the good ones but this didnt really matter.
i have to agree about the lack of sunbeds, i think in two weeks we only got sunbeds on our last day but this wont ruin your holiday as there are as many sunbeds as you want down at the great beach shacks.
another great thing about the hotel is the location which is great and whilst the road is chaos outside the front, once you are through the reception the atmosphere round the pool is very relaxing!
also we were given 6 x vouchers for 1000 rupees each to eat at the hotel, this is a great little extra and each one can easily pay for meals for two people, you can only use them one at a time and the hotel food is very good.
the location could not be better!!
those that got up early had a walk up the mountain( fairly hard going) to the dashagar waterfall,saw a beautiful hindu temple and had a yoga class!!!!
watch out for the man that cuts down the coconuts!!
i wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and destination to family and friends.
the possessive behaviour i witnessed of the 3 english people who were in rooms v3 & v5 during the period 12th feb and still there on the 26th feb (and yes i am english myself) regarding the few sun beds and loungers that were available around the small pool was totally unacceptable.
there was one day on the 25th when another holiday maker managed to secure these 3 sun beds and the response on the 26th was swift and paroqial and just epitimised why us english are looked upon as fools.
the female victor meldrew of the party (we never saw her smile in two weeks) got up at 0440 hrs and put out towels, books and the wooden table signs which said reserved onto the 3 sun beds in order to ensure they secured "their" little bit of england.
i believe these people stay at the hotel for up to 8 weeks and therefore believe they have a greater right to the use of the sun beds than other holiday makers so much so that i also believe the lady in question had the audacity to go and complain the the hotel manager that oher people had got "their" sun beds.
stayed at this hotel for the second time recently.
my wife and i stayed at the ronil beech 4th till 11th feb for 1 week.room no c4 ground level by pool but facing outwards so small balcony was not very appealing but this didn"t bother us as we never use it anyway.rooms cleaned daily with fresh towels and clean sheets, fan plus remote control a/c.breakfast was fine consisted of omlettes,eggs to order,toast machine fruit and a couple of spicy dishes plus tea & coffee served at your table no problems there also a great touch by the hotel was the three free 1000 rupee vouchers which each voucher would buy you a 2 course meal for 2 with sides.food is of a very high standard and you are able to enjoy a great meal whilst being entertained by various singers.the hotel also provides clean beech towels daily which you pick up at the security gate on the way out and drop them there on the way back.one downside was the pool which didn"t look very appealing and was hardly used think this may have been lack of some sort of filter/cleaning system as water just seemed to be stagnent.outside the hotel everything is right there from supermarket to chemist to cash machines right amongst the madness that is baga.we loved baga and this hotel and will be returning next year.
however our one complaint was that we were given e4 as our room on arrival.
it must the the worst room in the hotel on the front corner with all the noise from the road outside which meant we could not open windows or even curtains, nor sit on the balcony.
we refused to stay there even one night as we had not slept on the long flight from the uk, and insisted we needed a quiet room.
eventually with the help of the jewel in the crown rep we were given a room in v block at the back but with no balcony for 1 night, and then were moved to v!
we were very happy with this room but feel it was unacceptable that we had to make a fuss to achieve it.
i can think of only 3 negative comments about the hotel.
after such a long flight i felt that having to wait around for almost 4 hours was not really acceptable.
the swimming pools were also not as clean as they could have been.
there was visible scum and debris floating on top of the pool, and a number of people stopped going in because of this.
the road outside the hotel got so busy, especially at weekends, that it was really hard to cross the road safely.
although cars would be bumper to bumper going nowhere due to the volume of traffic, motorbikes and scooters would be weaving in and out and even driving on the wrong side of the road to try to sneak through.
in the two weeks we were there we saw two very bad accidents just outside the hotel, not something you want to see on holiday.
we were initially allocated a room in d block at the front of the hotel but asked to be moved after one night as we wanted a balcony not a terrace, and the noise from the traffic was quite loud.
we were moved to a room in v block at the back of the hotel with a good sized balcony.
in fact it was so peaceful in v block that we had a view over the river and you could sit on your balcony and see eagles flying around.
i have visted ronil after a gap of 10 yrs, unfortunately it is not the same as before firstly as many other hotles have come up around the same area and with better ammenties.
its not worth for what you paying for ammeneties in the highest category rooms is limited.
i found the staff friendly and helpful, we had to move rooms due to a leak but it was all handled very well.
towards the end of the stay i was ill and they fussed around to look after me no end.
the only downside to it was the incredibly busy road outside, where you literally too your life in your hands sometimes.
the fire n ice restaurant shouldn't be missed if you fancy a steak and if you want a genuine, fantastic cabby then look no further than blossom, i can supply number.
the room was clean -ish (i had to get a cleaner to remove something undesireable in the loo but that was no problem), the telly was a bit erratic, sparks only occasionally flew from it when i moved it.
the initial negatives out of the way, we were in v block overlooking the pool.
a good menu but sadly only available until 11pm.
breakfast was simple, eggs cooked to order, fruits, cereals, toast, local dishes, heklp yourself to tea or coffee from the urn, but we chose to avoid the very sweet stuff and ordered our own pot of tea/coffee.
we found that getting a sunbed at the hotel was difficult and one would have to play the game of getting up early to put your towel down.
the hotel is situated opposite titos lane which is a short distance from the beach, but the road is chaotic, especially on a saturday night, there are no pavements as such but this did not put us off.
we were in room d7 overlooking the large pool, we had a queen size bed and even though the bathroom was a littled tired looking, it was spotless, perfect for us.
new years eve was amazing, we hadnt planned to spend all evening in the hotel, but after all the effort that the hotel put into such a brilliant night, we stopped for the whole evening and it was fab, the food in the hotel is lovely, couldnt fault anything.
as it was our first time in goa, we had our worries but i can honestly say we cant wait to go back especially to the ronil beach.
i can honestly say it was my best holiday ever, the people are amazing and i felt perfectly safe wondering round the town on my own when my husband wasnt feeling very well!!!
staff friendly, but service suffered occasionally.
my wiife and i stopped at the ronil over the xmas period.all we can say is thankyou to the management and staff for a wonderful stay and xmas,arriving at the ronil you wonder where have we come to,on entering the hotel it all changes with a warm welcome,we were shown to our room,we found it very roomy,with furniture that was dated,the decor needed a bit of a touch up to the paintwork,but apart from that it was clean,with ample towels and clean sheets,in the uk this would have taken their 3 star rating to a one star,but with the cleanliness of the rooms,and change of towels and sheets daily,and service and welcome we received,it certainly earned its 3 stars plus.the pool areas were kept clean,the hotel supplied,poolside towels daily on demand,also beach towels on the same basis.going out of the hotel,you realise that you are in the center of baga,we found it to be different to what we saw on arrival,vibrant and exciting,a feeling we never lost for the 2 weeks we stayed there,near to the beach,and the main thing we found it was safe to walk around at any time of day or night.we booked bed and breakfast,but on arrival the hotel gave us 6 vouchers to the value of 1000 rupees for six free meals at the hotel,just for food you pay for your drinks.there are no tea making facilities in the room,but room service was available.the decorations the hotel put up were very attractive,and the tables and final decor for xmas day did us all proud,as did the free meal and entertainment the hotel provided,it was a very special christmas.just a few tips,in the uk you pay between £4-£10 for mosquito spray,in goa you pay 53rupees,bear in mind there are 80 rupees to the pound,about.also if you have an unlocked phone take it to a phone shop,i used the one next to the state bank in clangute,along with a passport photo,and your passport,and purchase an airtel sim card,you will pay pennies for your calls back to the uk,slightly more to mobiles,but only slightly.all in all we had an excellent stay at the ronil,with absolutely no complaints,thanks to the staff and management,and would recommend it to anyone,your in india,the blemishes are few,and dont let them spoil your holiday,enjoy.
based on their website photos and description i booked a deluxe room with hotel with advance payment made in sep already, on arrival the appearance of the hotel did not fit the description nor photos, furthermore the front office staff were extremely unhelpful and acted as if they were doing me a favour.
upon entry to my room my family and i were extremely disappointed with what appeared to be a 2 star room not even close to a deluxe room.
he did not listen to our complaints or even bother to try and accommodate us a family of four including two children, his reply was simply that a no refund policy was upheld despite me not being informed.
i am totally disgusted with this hotel and the poor sevice we received especially the unwillingness to come to some compromise.
to top it off austin asked me to pay 100 rupees for wifi access so tha i could find alternate accomodation, this after paying 40000 rupees on advance.
this is immoral and requires reporting to the appropriate authorities.
location: unbeatable.
just a bit unconcerned / distant (as opposed to the profusely welcoming and warm feelings that greet us in properties such as the taj).
no issues on cleanliness.
no newspapers in the room.
best rooms: in blocks v, g, i and j.
the pool-side has live musicians / singers who play in the evening so rooms near the main pool can be a bit noisy.
highly recommended considering limited hotel options in that area.
we stopped for two weeks in november, hotel itself is well positioned close to restaurants / shops etc.
food hygeine seems pretty good - no delhi belly !
*didnt have to fight for a sunlounger.
*service from waiters were good, nothing was too much trouble!
some other "singers" they have on sound like a cat being strangled!
*pool - the main pool is absolutely filthy and caused a few people to be ill whilst there, would avoid at all costs !
pool guy used a net for about 30 secs in a morning and that was it, there seems to be a film of dirt layered across the top which he doesn't seem to do anything about....walk to the beach instead !
*hassle from taxi drivers as soon as you go out the reception who stand crowding you outside the gates, can get a bit annoying after two weeks !
we had selected ronil's due to proximity to baga beach...
already there.
the only suggestion i would make for real improvement would be the bathrooms need some tlc, quite dirty, well used and soiled.
pathetic service, pathetic staff....trust me, you wanna stay here at your own risk.
all i want to say is that stay here at your own risk.
the main road gets very very busy and the indians love there horns so avoid rooms facing the main road.
stayed in march 2011, first room dark and dirty.
we stayed in room v19 which was toward the back of the hotel on the second floor and overlooked the small pool which was nice and quiet.
the negatives of this resort, apart from a few, won't really matter as once in baga, you won't feel like spending much time in the hotel.
1. bedsheets weren't what you call squeeky clean whites.
2. the person answering your calls for reservation queries isn't quite pleasing.
3. they don't provide airport pick-up & drop... but that hardly matters as cabs are available right outside the hotel.
4. the staff isn't very pleasing.
and the worst are the ones facing the road, which can be noisy at times.
although there was no stink from there... but it didn't provide the best view from balcony.
couple blocks from the beach and a bunch of great seafood places.
kinda slow wireless and kinda hard beds, but very very acceptable.
taxi charges you rs.
it is a no frills hotel.
in case you do not wish to eat in their restaurant, the staff will even advise you on the best possible eating places around.
the staff are very rude.
mr. austin the manager was of a very great help when we had problems with the room.
after travelling around 200km out of goa we realized about the missing bag.
heartfelt thanks to the staff and management of ronil beach resort, otherwise all the beautiful memroies of the good time spent at goa would have been lost.
the ronil resort is an aging property with outdated small rooms, worn out equipment and dirty bathrooms.
there is no tea/coffee maker in the room and you are not provided any complimentary bottles of mineral water.
the fittings, fixtures, matresses and the bathrooms do not seem to have received any refurbishment or renovation for years.the air conditioners rattle, the white phones have yellowed with age, cable quality on old style televisions is extremely poor, the remotes for the tv and ac are greasy and falling apart.
the beds, cabinets and the single chair in the room are of such shoddy quality that it is hard to beleive that a resort would have such furniture.
it also needs to be added that the breakfast is dumped on the tables in an unaesthetic manner much like a chore that needs to be done and got over with.
a friend who had the ayurvdea massage mentioned that the sheets were greasy and dirty, there were cobwebs on the roof and the massage room was cramped, unpleasant and smelly.
they have an extremely slow wi-fi service which is available only in the lobby ( yes to use it you have to sit on the sagging stained cushions and no it is not free)to sum up - the ronil resort is in an advanced state of decay.
for the first time since i have been using tripadvisor, i was even forced to doubt the veracity of the reviews.
so though it may be walking distance from tito's, cape town or the beach it is still not worthwhile for even a mildly discerning traveller.
in fact bear in mind that it's locational advantage is overly touted and location does not mean that you can get away with baby cockroaches in the bathrooms.
my husband and i spent 2weeks at the ronil in febuary.
rooms a little jaded but comfortable with a choice of ceiling fan or air conditioning at no extra cost.
no extra charge for safe either.
lots of sunbeds around the pool and although the main street located right outside the hotel entrance, almost no noise can be heard at the pool.
5-10 minute walk to the beach (very busy) and stall sellers can be a real nuisance with their constant invites to "look at my shop".
with no refuse collection infrastructure, baga streets are very dirty with no pavement.
once you get over the cultural shock and accept you can't change it, you will enjoy it.
a real pain in the neck if you're not.
4th visit to this great hotel and same quality if not better every year , management , garden, kitchen, waiter and roomboys just are so nice and kind and cannot do enough for you , best location in north goa for bars, resturants , shopping and beach which are right on your doorstep , would not even consider another hotel when i return which im planning to do many many times , suitable for all ages due to the ground floor rooms and is not high rise so you dont have nightmares of thinking you are in benidorm.
we stayed in the 'v' block our room over looked the small pool, lovely and quiet, room service and laundry service was excellent, enjoyed all the food the waiters were all very friendly.
i suffer with a nut allergy and every time i ate, the staff were very accommodating to ensure my food was not contaminated by any nuts.
i felt very safe to wander around baga alone or jump in a taxi and explore the area.
my only frustration was there was so much to see or get involved with and not enough time to do it all, which means i will be booking to return next year.
the rooms have what you need, somewhere to sleep somewhere to wash, somewhere to leave your belongings and a balcony .the room also has a/c and a free safe.
the restraunt got very busy at the weekend and they struggled to cope with the service but other than that we cannot complain.
the rates dont vary that much but we found that if you stuck to the same place they gave you a better rate.
we had no complaints at all.
we e-mailed before we went out to ask if it was possible to have a room with a pool view and when we arrived we had a great room with a balcony looking onto the small pool (room no v7).
staff were very attentive and willing to help in any situation (a.c. not working or bulbs out etc ) the room we were allocated was not the best tho as it was next to access to kitchen and laundry services so we were disturbed by lorries coming and going very early in the morning doing their deliveries, so i would advise not to stay in rooms a3 and a4 unless you like an early morning call!
the reception staff dont smile and are not welcoming like other experiences we have had throughout india, our room was not cleaned one day and we had to ask for this to be done!!.
just did not have the friendly atmosphere we expected from a hotel in baga, we have been coming to baga for 15yrs and stayed at this hotel for a treat, we were very dissapointed, and would not stay again, going back to the beimar hotel next year.
how wrong we were.
we weren't happy with our first room (no balcony and only half decorated) but after complaining we were moved, at no extra cost, to a much nicer room with balcony and pool view.
we had been consistently messed around by the tour operator and after a few harsh words we ended up in the deluxe suite at this hotel.
the hotel is quite large and hosts 2 decent swimming pools and provides fresh bathing towels and sun beds.
the hotel is a 5min walk to the beach and taxis/scooters are available at the main gate.
if you have any problems, no matter how small ask to see the manager mr rui madre deus, he will ensure that everything is sorted to your complete satisfaction.
dont bother asking reception staff, as they are the only staff who realy couldn't care less, they never smile.
the ronil is bang in the centre of downtown baga on the baga/calangute road and is usually a very busy road especially on a weekend when the indians from mumbai come down for the weekend in the land cruiser type vehicles and it is jammed with motorbikes, scooters, tuk tuks, cars, bikes and buses choking you with fumes and the constant beeping of horns - remember this when you eat at the roadside restaurants, in fact don't on a weekend.
a taxi friend of ours in goa said that when driving in goa you use the horn and the brake and everything else goes including undertaking, pulling out into oncoming traffic, overtaking on blind summits and many other risky manouvures.
we stayed in v block with 2 friends and we were on the 1st floor with the balcony overlooking the back which was cluttered with a storage unit and various bits and bobs,so my patti asked to be moved as our friends were on the ground floor overlooking the small pool and this was achieved on day 3 with the room next door to our friends and it had a king sized bed but the mattress was not very thick so another was requested along with extra pillows and this was done in quick time by the room boys, and a small tip and a smile will secure good service for the rest of your stay.
the safe in the wardrobe can be a problem when you find your code will not work but a quick call to reception gets it sorted quickly.
the a/c is good if needed along with a ceiling fan, put the a/c on low when you go out on an evening and come back to a nice cool room then you can switch it off and just have the ceiling fan on low for the night.
the vouchers we received were for r600 per couple per day and good food could be had if you pooled your vouchers with friends and bought a selections of starters and a satisfying meal could be had.
plenty of restaurants to choose from selling very good food at really low prices, kim faa is the best chinese restaurant in baga.
and if you get the delhii belly go straight to the nearest chemist and tell them the problem and they will supply you with some medication for about r100 and the locals tell you to drink water with limes in it for a day with no food and you will recover quicker.
don't change any in the hotel or buy any in england before you go because the rate will be crap.
food is good, i have a 4 year old and not once did i have to worry about he quality of food.
we had to upgrade £50.00 per week to get a decent room,the service in the hotel was poor,the staff had poor english language,when you complained the waiters said they were too busy,the public area around the pool had not been washed in the three weeks we were there,same for the eating areas,you had to wipe your feet on the way out,would not go again,they now issue you with food coupons to get people to eat in the hotel,600 rupees a day just to make the place look busy never again.
the bed was rock hard.
the noisy air con fans were on all night, complemented by the traffic noise which is now non-stop.
finally although the food is excellent, the ambience is spoiled by the terrible "entertainment", local musicians with a repertoire of seventies balads!
we had a change of rooms at the beginning of the hotel as our room was positioned in the front near the crazy baga road and it was so noisy we could not sleep.
however, during our stay we had two unfortunate incidents; firstly my watch disappeared from my room and secondly i had two dresses made by the resident dressmaker which, upon taking home, did not fit.
when my husband offered a card on our last day to purchase the dresses the dressmaker confirmed he did not accept cards.
i challenged him about this and reminded him of our earlier conversation in which he said he did accept cards, his actual words being "of course, of course".
his dressmaking skills are inadequate.
had a awesome new year in this hotel, staff couldn't do enough to help.
the evening meal was excellent as good as any of the other resaurants if not better.
after 3 room changes finally got a great one in i block.
large bed albeit hard.
was first shown one in v block.
refused to stay here.
we moved to e block, room was fine but had to dodge a water tank leak when leaving and entering our room.
there- fore not great.
during peek hours the sounds of vehicles were audible in the hotel area which was a little disturbance.
the road can get quite busy and during peak hours and season times the access to the hotel is difficult.
this hotel is nothing great but the location is just off baga calangute, in the thick of the action.
has reasonable rooms to crash at night and a decent pool.
breakfast isn't great but will do.
each day, no matter what time we left our room, our room was cleaned, leaving it sparkling.
a few times, we had trouble with the a/c (it was leaking on my bed) and the maintenance and cleaning staff arrived promptly to eradicate the problem.
can't praise this hotel enough.
even requesting that jewel offset the cost of staying at the ronil with what they would pay at the new hotel was met with a definite no.
if you plan a trip to goa you can't go wrong at this hotel but don't book with jewel in thecrown.
to the ronil beach manager and staff who made our extended stay a memorable one - dev bore korum (god bless you).
besides linen, no other amenities are supplied.
one of the other guests felt the bed was 2 hard and the hotel provided additional mattresses.
the pool could have done with a clean, but i think this was difficult to up keep due to so many gorgeous well kept garden and leaves/petals falling in the pool.
the only issue we had was on day 1, we arrived at the hotel at 9am after a 10 hour flight and coach journey (about an hour) and all the guests from fitst choice were informed their rooms were not ready- the room became available at 12pm.
we stayed in room v29 (we requested a second floor room at the back of the hotel-as we didnt want the noise of the traffic.)
the room was overlooking the smaller pool, the cleaners trolley however was outside our room, so from 7am it did become rather noisy.
i was disappointed that i was only delayed by one night as other guests were given an additional weeks holiday.
had to stay a extra week during the volcano crisis, the hotel managment and staff were fantastic, the looked after us, when our holiday company jewel in the crown, did nothing, but offer us a rat infested inferior hotel.
we went to goa for the first time and were unfortunate enough to have to extend our stay for an extra 7 days due to the volcanic eruption.
we cannot praise the ronil enough for their level of hospitality and support during a stressful time.
especially when jewel in the crown left us abandoned without any support for accommodation or food.
i would say to anyone thinking of going to goa, stay here but do not travel with jewel in the crown.
they are awful.
our holiday company - jewel in the crown were diabolical, they offered us 2* accomodation in a rat infested, boarded up windows, no air-con hotel.
obviously the majority of guests refused to move and the ronil were more than accomodating towards us.
package offer with all facility.only limited food choice for vegetarian.
the management / staff had organised excellent candle light dinner for the guests (yes, of course over and above the trafiff, which was indeed ressonable.....this was our fisrt stay at ronils, having stayed earlier at club mahindra varca beach, and i must say ronil is indeed a great resort to stay with family and offers value for money.
the rooms are spacious and breakfast is a huge spread and the distance to the beach is a limited and good access to baga.
located near the bagha beach and walkable distance from the hotspots like titos, bagha/calangute beaches and whole bunch of other happening places .. ronil is not very expensive, well maintained , well staffed and we had an amazing experience.
good quality food in restaurant but that is generally the case in goa however with a few exceptions the staff were surly and not very helpful.
hotel is realy more than 3* standard of living.
i have never met such rich choice of menu for dinners served with wine and acomp.
we knew this was an inexpensive hotel and were a little anxious when recommended by friends because we usually stay in hotels with more stars.
there was no need to worry at all as the hotel was immaculately clean, the rooms were beautifully cleaned each day with fresh sheets on the beds and fresh towels in the bathroom.
the food was very good and the service from the staff was second to none, the staff have all been at this hotel for years and this is a recommendation to the hotel because good service is hard to come by and they have got it right.
bathroom however was dirty.
i hated having a shower in it at first but soon got use to it.
like i said, its not exactly dirty but not clean either.
i hated the fact that the hotel and goa / barbez in general had nothing for the younger families.
really really annoying.
stayed here for two weeks and disliked the room.
it was dark and dingy and overlooked the side of the restaurant area.
there was very limited storage, so left a lot in the suitcases.
the balcony as such was awful, just two concrete seats cemented on each end of the small area, not conducive with sitting outside in comfort.
the nicer rooms are at the back in a newer block, near the smaller pool.
the room cleaners were a pain, always hanging around outside your room expecting a tip.
holiday so the floor was never scrubbed clean.
but the sting in the tail were the taxes and service charges, so your bill was always much more than you expected.
the hotel is on the main baga road, not near the sea, and the road is bedlam at times with traffic jams, horns tooting etc, very noisy, so ensure you don't get a room at the front.
this hotel is living on it's past reputation and needs refurbishing in the older rooms.we would not want to stay here again, unless placed in the newer block at the back and at a reasonable price.
some of thestaff was nice , we only had a problem with 1 of the men cleaners everybody eles was good the reception was small but it was alright enjoyed due to pool games and the swimming pool.
this place is nice and clean, the rooms are very basic and the washrooms are very clean.the best thing is it's close to baga beach.
the staff is not so friendly and helpful, when you are a walk in check in, they would not offer you the best rooms even if you pay and when i requested for a wake up call to catch my train back, they noted the request but never botherred to call back or apologize for not waking me up on time.
when we were checking out i had asked them to keep the bill ready which was not done and they did not even had other guests to attend to, the sole credit card swipe machine was not working and i had to pay in cash to go to the atm and pay cash, they wasted my time and the receipt was a fake computer generated with no govt tax numbers on them.
and don't accept the first price they give you as you will probably get it for half that price (after some haggling).
the taxi driver will take you to the destination, wait for you – which is sometimes all day – and then bring you back again; all for a ridiculously cheap price.
there are too many places to eat to name but east meets west (turn right as you leave the hotel) was fantastic.
they have entertainment on too, fire eaters, tight rope walkers etc.
it can get quite annoying at first but once you get talking to them, you get to know them and next time they see you they come and sit with you and chat to you.
there was only 1 beach shack in the immediate area and the beach was pretty much empty.
and there were no sellers pestering you, which was very nice to escape for 1 day!
baga is ideal for young and old, although the roads are very bad and busy so young children would need to be kept a close eye on.
must admit really wasn't looking forward to this holiday but hey how wrong could i be.the ronil beach is in a superb location and for that reason we are looking to re-book for next year.the bedrooms are basic and the bathrooms leave a lot to be desired but the service we received from room boys to waiters, was first rate.do not go to this area if you want a deserted beach area.we absolutely loved the hustle and bustle.the beach shacks where you can find something different everyday and night were brilliant.we stayed in f block which overlooked the pool but is in the older part of the hotel.friends of ours stayed in v block and their room was newer looking.the laundry service is excellant and next time we will take less luggage and make more use of this service.we never had a bad meal at the ronil and used all of our vouchers.the down side for us was the main pool area which is desperate need of a face lift as was the breakfast area.but on saying this for the money we paid we were delighted.their are so many places to eat which are really really cheap.we loved kim faa chinese and east meets west .had brill food at the beach shacks and what more can you ask for sat on the beach watching the sea and all the entertainment fom firework displays to performing tight rope walkers.loved it and can't wait for next year.
our main gripe was the poor customer service from all staff.
whilst it was only a 3 star we would of expected that spending all day by the pool staff would make the rounds and offer drinks at least once.....the food was extremely poor and low quality, and we've had much better 3 star standard buffet breakfasts.
twice we asked for coffee and twice the waiters failed to bring it and we had to track them down and reorder by which time we'd eaten our breakfast!
shame when there's so much quality competition within a stones throw.
hotel having 2 swimming pool of its own,however i feel service is not good over here,its below average according to me,but it makes the one of the best stay in goa becuase of its area its located.
reception people were a bit not helpful.
stayed at the ronil beach from 21/3 to 5/4, first time in india, so was prepared for the cultural shock.
we had a room in v block at the back, which was very quiet, but not a good balcony or view.
had trouble with our safe deposit box, but was sorted out very quickly.
- don't have the lobster at the hotel, very expensive and the one we had was overcooked, would not recommend.
we used the lucky star shack on the beach, all staff very friendly for the first few days, but if you do not use the massurers or tend to ignore the younger beach boys, by which i mean tipping and treating them to drinks etc) you tend to get ignored as the holiday continues.
i travelled to baga at the end of march and i couldnt have had a better holiday.
the tiger prawn sizzler was my favourite!once out of the door you are stuck for choice as to what resteraunt to eat at.
taxi's are parked outside of the hotel so there are no problems getting around.
as expected from previous reviews no room was available for us and we were asked to take a seat and that we could have breakfast at 0730.
v block does have a lift for those with heavy luggage or if you struggle with stairs.
the corridors on v block are airconditioned so helps to maintain a stedy temperature in your rooms when you open the door.
our balcony overlooked the back of the block but we never used it because of the intense heat during the day, it did not benefit from a breeze!
they were then to be seen cleaning another block.
other guests where heard to complain about the food being served cold also.
if you want a 5* hotel then look elsewhere, if you want a a basic but comfortable hotel and don't mind a bit of dirt in the corners then give this one a try.
after all there are worse out there.
but our main gripe was that the staff had no customer service skills, and werent even polite let alone friendly.
but do bear in mind that its a third world country, the people are very poor and they are only trying to make a living.
the worst thing we saw was a subway shop and a domino's pizza - we had hoped that the western fast food rubbish might not have reached there, but at least there is no macdonalds!
just make sure when you place your order and pay your deposit they write down everything you expect to get otherwise you have a long argument on delivery.
the best restaurants we found were east meets west, fire and ice and kim faa chinese restaurant, shopping is a must and haggling the price is great fun, you can buy everything from the beach sellers which walk the beach day long or the shops line most of the roads in resort.
taxis are plentiful and cheap for long or short journeys and lovely quiet beaches of morjim and ashvem nearby with no sellers on at all.
the massage lady is a lovely person, but with no english.
just recently returned from goa inida (baga resort).
just thought i would let people know, i would not really recommend this hotel ronil beach resort its cleanliness left a lot to be desired... the staff were miserable, not a bit friendly, yeah the odd one was nice... but only the odd one.
you get charged tax on your whole bill if you order alcoholic drinks.... the meals were nice though that has to be said, but be cautious as a few of the waiters didnt bring back change for a purchase and tend to have different prices for items keep an eye on it.
the first room we got put in smelt damp and dirty, they did move us but we had to wait for a bit..... be warned the beds are like concrete they are the most uncomfortable beds i have ever slept in abroad and i have stayed in many places there was a lot of painting going on and refurbishment some of our party didnt get much peace, the pool had quite a lot of dead insects in, could of been cleaned a bit more.
if you decide to go to goa, dont stay in baga its just a nightmare too busy and noisy!!
3) live music needs a definite improvement.
4) oct is the best month to travel to this resort else you might feel that its not worth the money spent.
our first year was strange, we had often stayed in nothing less than 5* accom all over the world but this country and hotel was something different.
again the rooms are basic clean, the biggest problem we had was the visiting indian tourists.
they sleep all day and party all night, which is fine by me, however when you are in a block of 4 rooms its no fun when they are comming in at 4/5 am and waking everybody up with no consideration for other guests.
i asked them to keep it down they take no notice, i spoke to the hotel reception yes sir we will speak to them.
no change this went on for the last 4 nights if our holiday.
the staff just dont seem to care.
the prices of the food in the hotel are crazy when you can eat far better and cheaper just outside on the main baga road or in the beach shacks.
not a great deal of choice but enough if you are hungry.
when buying clothes etc always bargen and expect to pay about a third of the asking price.
bad points loads of rubbish everywhere , most bars are very dilapedated and toilets are dirty and smelly.
the ronil staff handed us the keys to the much dreaded v block - v32 to be precise.
these rooms are on the top deck of v block, are fully refurbished, do not smell in any way shape or form, are bigger than 90% of other rooms at ronil and more importantly are superbly quiet on an evening.
our friends had road side rooms which when combined with our goan friends penchant for honking horns every other second, made for a few restless nights.
the staff at ronil are wonderfully friendly, especially the security guards who took great amounts of pleasure in standing to attention and saluting me, before shaking my hand, every single time i strolled past.
to those that complain about unfriendlyness, did you make an effort?
the pool area is a true little oasis from the organised madness outside, the pool cleaners were both lovely and efficient at de-bugging the water regularly and although it feels hotter by the pool, the lack of sand made it our choice of sunbathing spot for a couple of days.
i would really recommend that you eat outside the hotel to avoid service tax and vat.
baga beach is something else too, we made immediate friends with a shack owner and spent many days just chilling out, having a laugh with the beach sellers (there like london buses so get ready) and being ritually pounded by the massive but refreshing waves crashing the shoreline every 20 seconds.
if you have young children, be advised that at this time of year the waves are very powerful and i was saddened to learn that two middle -aged people perished at the hands of the baga beach waves whilst we were on holiday.
miss at your peril!
to put it in a nutshell i have no complaints about the hotel but i wouldn’t go back there again.
we also found a restaurant called “salt & pepper” (just to the right as you leave the hotel).
the beach is to die for, the girls who sell the jewellery and clothes on the beach are most charming, they got to know us quite well they would come and sit on the end of the sun bed and chat.
they are very poor and humble people with big hearts, they are lovely.
not sure i was mad about baga, but all in all it was a fantastic holiday.
i wasn't too sure about the ronil beach after reading some comments, but my concerns were completely unfounded.
i was in g block overlooking the smaller second pool and gardens and it was very quiet.
no complaints about the hotel, in fact it was better than expected and i'd say one of the best hotels in baga.
no problems with a bad tummy but the change of diet is ok if you gradually change over to available menu's.
the shacks on the beach provide entertainment, friendly caring staff and food to die for.
if you don't feel special before you go, you certainly will once there.
be wary of the beggars and sellers on the beaches although a good firm "no thank you" will work in most cases.
it's really hard to spend money in this slow laid back place, although the prices are starting to rise as more and more tourists give up information on how expensive england is and the modern world is entering their lives to make business better.
at the minute a taxi anywhere round baga is 50 rupees and helps if your a bad walker as the 20 minute walk to the beach is difficult when the sun is out, the heat is something to get used to.
this year baga beach has been taken over by jetskis and trip boats but due to the shacks losing business because of it a section of the beach is being separated for water sports to keep the rest safe for bathers.
we went to palelim beach on the south coast where the dolphins came near to the beach and swam amongst the few bathers there, no jet skis, no engine boats, just calm safe sea to bob around in all day.
no beggars or sellers - it was absolutely beautiful but too quiet to stay for more than 4 days if you like variation.
another thing to remember is that we pay £6.85 for prescription drugs here in england.
the culture shock doesn't last long when you realise that is all they know and are quite happy with their lives.
hi we are just back on the 22 feb i think i read every review on this site before leavingso i thought i would tell you about our trip.we travelled with first choice and paid for premium seats we were on the first flight from east midlands to be honest i dont think the seats were much wider the meal was served with possibly nicer crockery and your cases were the first on off which was good for the journey home.we paid £300pounds each so dont think will do it again.having read so much about the airport i did not find it that bad although it was early morning also was very suprissed by the coach it was fine and we had a pleasent drive to the hotel our rep was gary and he was very good gave us loads off info during the holiday and always checked we were ok when he saw us.we arrined at hotel and as expected our rooms were not ready we were told to have breakfast and they would allocatr our rooms soon after.wewent to the breakfast area and had a great choice much more than i had imagined there was even porridge.i found the breakfast area to be clean thoughout our stay and the waiters were always on hand with fresh tea and coffee.
there were 4 in our group and we all had our rooms by 11 we were travelling as 1 couple and 2 singles we had two rooms in v block when they told us this i was very dissapointed but when we got to our rooms i was happy with them although storage was a bit tight.on looking at the bed the mattress was a bit thin also toilet seat was broken i reported this and also requsted exrra mattresses and pillows this was done within the hour so i have no complaints we also during our stay have aproblem with the air con but again this was fixed.our room was cleaned every day with clean sheets and towels we also had towel art one day there was also a lift in this block which was very usefull for my mum who has difficulty with stairs the only thing was people kepted leaving the inside door open which meant the lift would not opperate we were always with my mum so my husband would have to run up the stairs and close the door ok for my mum but if someone was on there own they would have been unable to use the lift.the other member of our party was in i block again really nice seemed a larger room also had a fridge.
there was a nice smaller pool outside our block and a loverly grassed area with loungeres and umberella the groundes were kept immaculate and all the staff were very friendly from the gardeners up to the owner .the large pool was lovely and we did not find it dirty there was always pool towels with no restrictions on how many you took you could even take them to the beach they were definatly not shabby looking and i also found the sheets and room towels to be really white too.there were sunbeds around the pool and tale and chairs some with umberellas my only negative would be that there was not enough shades for me that said thats just me alot of the time people seemed to go out in the day returning late afternoon so shade was not a great issue at these times.if you did decide to sit around the pool all day you did not have to move as the waiters were great the food at the hotel was really good with a daily special board which repeated weekly so if you missed it on the first week you had the chance to catch it again.we had vouchers and used them and this made a very cheap night.the main bar closed at eleven but the pool room bar opened till later but this bar did not open till 7 so you could not play pool until then.the location of the hotel is fantastic and we loved baga you dont even notice the noise after the first day .i would consider myself to be a little vary about walking about abroad straight away i felt comfortable and at no time during our stay felt unsafe in any wayeven in taxis maybe we were lucky but all our drivers seemed good drivers.we tried loads of restraunts all meantioned in previeous reviews east meets west lovely setting i had steak and was not that impressed my husband had curry and he loved it.
we went to the delhi darbar in panjim lots of nice little touches took photo put it in a frame rose for ladies complimentry dishes also had a buy 2 kingfishers get one free bill only came to £14 taxi waited for us charged us 400 ruppees.we enjoyed indian spice the best and that was just down the road left out of hotelhad a great meal with drinks for £12 but i had a king prawn curry which was the most expensive dish on the menu so could have been much cheaper.my favourite restraunt by far was le jardin got a flyer from beach they asked if it was a special occassion i told them it was our wedding anniversary when we arrived the table was all decorated with rose petals and streamers the meal was fantastic very up market i again had fillet steak and it was perfect there was 4 of us we all had 3 courses drinks coffee and brandy and the bill came to £60 with tip they also fetched us a cake and all the waiters sang happy anniversary it was a great night forot to say i think the restraunt was in callangute.we did go to the beach most days and the food at the beach shacks was always really good for the 4 of us fom 10 till 3 with tip the bill came to about 1500 ruppees sometimes 2000 ruppees but we are all big eaters and that included beers and some shorts with mixers.we did a couple of trips but used taxis instead of through rep we really enyoyed them.we have been to a lot of places many a lot more plush than the ronil but i can honestly say this has got to be one of the best holidays i have been on i would have no hesitation in recommending the ronil to anyone i have already booked our return to goa next year we are going to try the south this time only because i want to experience both sides we have booked the dona sylvia after seeing lots of favourable reports on this webb site it is all inclusive but we will be going out and sampling the many bars and restrauntes im sure.
the rooms were tiny, no room for a bedside table or chest of drawers either side of the bed.
the balcony was tiny and had two fixed seats in either corner but no room for a table so no comfort to sit outside.
in fact the room cleaners (male) were really annoying, hovering around each morning as soon as you came out of your room.
we had told him earlier we didn't want our room done that day.
the pools were dirty as their was no filter system, they were like stagnant oil-topped water so never used them.
baga itself is much too busy and noisy these days.
just had to write a report – prior to us going on holiday there were no recent reports on ronil beach hotel!
ronil beach hotel: for a 3 star hotel we had no complaints whatsoever.
during the holiday there were power cuts almost everyday – but these were very short, and more like dips in power (i think the hotel must have had a back-up generator).
omelettes cooked to request, cereals, toast, fresh fruit, tea/coffee and we had no complaints.
we didn’t manage to use all of the vouchers we were allocated, but on the two occasions we did use them the choice on the menu and the quality of food was excellent and you would be hard pushed to use the full value of each voucher (i think it was 750 rupees per room voucher for dinner and 350 rupees per lunch voucher).
hotel location: my only complaint was the really busy main road that runs outside the hotel.
our daughter is 15 and blonde – it was very uncomfortable for her with the amount of staring and attention she attracted through no fault of her own.
the groups were in no way threatening, but even going in/out of the sea my husband and i had to go with her due to groups either taking photos on their mobile phone or using cameras.
this cultural difference was the biggest shock for us, but again, believe this to be the time of the year we visited, i don’t think it would have been so bad outside this time.
the crowds did start to disappear from 2nd january!
there were so many taxis and motorcycles and with there being no pavement just walking from outside the hotel and to a restaurant/bar and getting there in one piece was a huge challenge.
on top of this, you were continually asked if you wanted a taxi and again my daughter was exposed to comments and looks from men.
we managed to stay for around an hour and during this time my daughter spent the whole time with her shorts and t-shirt on due to the unwelcome attention she received.
the beach was okay, but not as clean as i would have hoped and i don’t think it was raked during the 2 weeks we were there (yes, i know we were in india and not the caribbean, but for me this was disappointing).
the waves were quite fierce for the first 10 days or so and knocked us over several times – not ideal if you have small children.
what was also good was that the owner would move on any sellers that would stop by your sunbed – they all seemed to know that the owner was keen to distract them and would just walk by.
none of our party had any stomach complaints whilst in goa.
it’s a place we are glad to have visited, and we experienced new and different cultural things we have not done before – but some of those are things we would not like to experience out of choice whilst on holiday.
if you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact me!
i really enjoyed all of the fish dishes (kingfish, prawns) , but wasn't so keen on the curries.
staff on reception were friendly and efficient, and the one time we reported a fault in our room (a very wobbly toilet seat) it was mended straight away.
the room was definitely basic, with fairly limited storage space for 2 people on a 2 week holiday.
another couple found their room so dirty, they asked to be moved and ended up in the newer blocks at the back which are apparently superior rooms.
excellent location, as long as your room doesn't face the road which can get noisy.
we didn't bother with the hotel restaurant in the evenings, in spite of having some vouchers, because there were so many really good places in the town.
the restaurant was so dark it was difficult to see to read the menu, let alone eat (good thing we had a torch).
the menu was laid out in a very confusing manner and the food was certainly no better than in other places, the service less good.
fantastic food although disappointing to wait an hour between ordering and getting our food.
maybe they were having a bad night so we went back a few nights later.
we were seated right behind the band and it was too noisy to hold a conversation so we asked to be moved.
no other tables for 2 available and they wouldn't seat us at a table laid for 4 - so we walked out!
just remember that india is a developing country, definitely dirty in places.
this was our first visit to india and we were apprehensive, especially after reading reviews about the 'culture shock' and the bureaucracy of the airport.
after exploring the resort, i would say that the ronil beach appeared to be one of the better hotels in baga, although the decor in the rooms is a little tired this is the only downside - there is room service, laundry service, fresh towels daily and free air con!
the staff are brilliant, always smiling, polite and very hard working.
it is true about the power cuts, they are frequent, but only last for a few minutes.
you do have a candle and matches in your room but get a torch for when you are out and about after dark as the whole resort can be plunged into darkness.
if you came to baga on an all inclusive holiday you would be missing out.
we tended to use our vouchers during lazy days around the pool as there were so many restaurants we wanted to try in the evening.
coco beach is worth a visit, if only for the hour long dolphin spotting trip, where you will see the prison at fort aguada - spot the englishman arrested for carrying drugs, waving his flag through the bars!
in the resorts and towns be prepared to see a few beggers with disabilities and stray animals - most of the dogs on the beach are owned by the shacks as 'guard dogs', but aren't cared for like our pets.
on the beach, everyone wants to sell you something, but a firm 'no thank you' and a 'i've been here a week' tan will keep them away.
i feel angered at some of the reviews which advise people not to visit this hotel and wholeheartedly disagree with one previous review on this site.
it is a poor country, but the goans really do work so hard to welcome you.
the hotel is of a poor standard and the staff service is not much better.
on arrival, we were allocated an appalling room and when we complained, the attitude of the accommodation manager was less than helpful; indeed he was quite rude and dismissive.
the food is not good and the breakfast leaves a lot to be desired.
the rooms are shabby and dirty.
sun beds are limited and other facilities such as the dining area and a small games room (which is suposed to double as a lounge), are very basic.
it was always dirty and smelly.
beware this is a very rudimentary and unsophisticated hotel purporting to be a 3 star which it is clearly not.
from john & susan,n.york.
the only down side are the rooms at the front overlooking the road - they suffer from road noise.
the main baga road was pretty hectic and busy and pedestrians have to be careful as their are no pavements, but you soon get used to it.
hotel was very good if a little noisy at times.
we upgraded from the dreaded v block to i block at the cost of £10 per night.
only problem was the 4.30am arrival and having to wait until midday for a room.
a common problem apparently.
people think that we are mad returning to the same place each year, but not knock it until you have tried it.
hotel was excellent as usual no problems - rooms ready when we arrived.
you are given three vouchers per week for evening meals or lunch we found the food to be excellent if not better than some of the local restaraunts.
we were allocated a room in v block, which smelt a little damp on arrival, although with airing and air con, this was not really noticeable after a couple of days.
it was a little noisy at times when the pool was in use and it is true that the number of sunbeds is insufficient....you need to be an early riser to secure one.
the staff could not be faulted...... helpful, friendly, welcoming, honest and the service received was excellent....you are in goa and things are a little laid back....theres no real sense of urgency wherever you go (try an internal flight if you don't believe me!!).
we asked them about beaches, jewellers, opticians etc and they always recommended good, cheap places - no complaints.
wow i'd like to see the worst.
all that was missing was basil & sybil!
on arrival 6 of us were located in the dreaded "v" block.
obviously we were expecting too much (no mould, no sewerage smell, secure light fitting, curtains on fixings and a wardrobe that opened).
personally we found the staff rude.
we have been informed that there is no goan or hindi words for please and thank you.
there is only 1 toilet in the lobby, under some stairs its unisex and disgusting.
outside the hotel the taxi drivers were a pain.
it was very difficult to get them to take you where you wanted to go.
on refusing to stay the shack owner became quite hostile.
titos was full of indian men who intimidated & hastled the girls.
we were shown our rooms and thats when my wife got a bit upset.
we were expecting a real 3 * property after having stayed at other 3* hotels in thailand and what we saw shocked us.
the other big dissapointment was the fact that you either wake up early and secure a pool bed or you would have to sit on chairs and tables.this being the end of the peak season i was shocked as i could not understand how they would have coped when the season was at its peak and the hotel full.how can a hotel have less pool beds than the guests they can accomodate?
baga itself was a real culture shock from cows roaming the streets to families living in their stalls but after a couple of days you forget all this as you venture out & about.most of our beach time was spent at little vagator beach due to baga/calangute beaches resembling magaluf, this is about 20 mins in a taxi north, which will cost about £1 & if you go on a tuesday you may get a chance to get an elephant ride if you go through anjuna, just tell the driver to stop & wait.
so remember to say no rather than later.
most spectactular beach is mandrim beach about 1hr drive north well worth the trek, we hired a bike, which is not for the faint hearted, roads/tracks are madness.
nitelife is quieter due to politics but thre is loads of late nite bars like mambos playing surprisingly good music & every other nite there's a "birthday party" being held at the beach shacks..holding a party is the loophole for all nite parties, there's also day time raves where the freaks really do come out.
the food in goa is rather good...tip if the resturant is empty, there's probally a reason for it!
if all else fails there's a subway.
this was hell no two ways about secruity check after secruity check, going through several checks before we checked in we were meet by another 2000 checks before we got on the plane.