had stayed in this hotel from 12th to 14th of february 2017.
the location cannot be any better , opposite to titos lane and walking distance from the baga beach.
the hotel has a well maintained pool and the view from the balcony is excellent.
a special mention has to be made about the hotel's general manager, accomodation manager & f&b manager who really takes good care of their guest.
now for me goa means keys ronil resort for sure.
the breakfast was decent, dinner was excellent and so was the room service.
staffs are very helpful & friendly and so is the cleanliness.
keep it up team keys ronil resort !!
we booked two rooms at the hotel.
we arrived late at night and were shown 2 very nice rooms in different buildings.
both rooms had very nice glass patio doors onto balcony.
my wife asked if they had 2 rooms of same standard next to each other.
we were given rooms v34 and v35 at very rear of hotel.
when we woke the next morning it was obvious in the light of day that the rooms were substandard to the ones shown the night before.
i immediately went to reception and requested that we would prefer to have rooms first shown.
i was told that those rooms were no longer available.
room v 35 has a single solid wood door onto balcony.
the kettle broke the day before we left and i reported it twice but was not replaced.
on the day we were leaving i asked the hotel to phone “goacoolcabs” for me.
they phoned them and i spoke to them and requested a non ac cab to the airport.
they told me it was booked at a cost of 1100 rs.
i gave the phone back to reception who said the taxi would phone back and confirm.
when he put phone down he asked why i had used that firm.
i told him it was only 1100rs and the hotel wanted 1500 rs for airport run.
after about an hour reception told me that my cab had not been confirmed and would not be coming.
he said he would get me one for 1400 rs.
i had no choice but to use that cab.
on the day we were leaving we had to vacate room at 11:00am but our flight was not until 02:00 next day.
i was told hotel was full and could not pay to keep on room.
i was also told they do not have a courtesy room for a shower.
in the end after emailing agoda who i booked with, we were told we could keep a room until 04:00pm.
i will not stay in this hotel again.
this was the 4th time we have stayed in this hotel but in the past it was the royal ronil hotel.
the mattress on the double bed was very hard.
the mattress on the single bed was thicker and softer.
i have to give a bad review because i booked some extra days from expedia ca on the end of a tour and when i got to the hotel they said they could only give me one of the days out of 3 and that i have to deal with this my self even though it said confirmed on my invoice and was prepaid.
i am giving a low rating because they would not help at all they just said it was my problem and it appears they were just to lazy to offer any help in the matter i am thinking they over booked and just dropped some of the lower priced booking.
stayed for 1 day and changed my hotel the very next morning.
rooms: outdated rooms it's more like a dormitory with outdated furnitures.
location: good just opposite titos lane.
it's more like b&b rather than a hotel.
i had a great 3 weeks with my parents and friends, the hotel does need updating and cleaning up.
the staff make this hotel especially the restaurant staff who looked after us fantastically.
however i am extremely disappointed to hear that my parents and friends are no longer having a good time.
a large group of english people have taken over the pool, swearing like troupers, jumping in the pool, bottles of beer everywhere.
surly the staff at the hotel can see that this is not appropriate behaviour and how upsetting this can be for your guests.
you have security so use them to keep control if you and your staff are unable to.
if you want hotel right in the thick of it located on the calangute rd just of titos lane 200 m from baga beach this could be the hotel for you.
good value for money certainly not luxury but rooms good size massive beds and functional bathrooms .
our room was basic but clean the hotel staff were friendly and very helpful .the breakfast was a buffet style with a varied selection of food the cheese omelette was one of my favorites.
right outside the tito's lane.
this is very central to the baga party area.
all north beaches (candolim, calangute, vagator, etc) are short ride from here.
being a central location, it is not a quite location, and neither it is 'peaceful/serene'.
it is full of people - but probably tourist loving night life and parties would find it quite nice.
it is *not* on the beach - beach is about 500m from the hotel, through the tito's lane.
besides the reception and probably the kitchen, nothing is to great about this property.
it seems to be old and ill maintained property - broken hinges, unbalanced chairs, leaking facets are norm (we had 4 rooms so i could easily compare).
the exterior of rooms is quite green and nice, but room built (at least for v block i stayed in) was poor.
there are 2 swimming pools, but it seems that they have outdated (or non-existent) cleaning systems.
we went in the first day and came out with burning eyes (very high chlorine).
we complained and .. well, nothing happened - same story the next day.
we had breakfast as part of our deal.
it was just an average fair.
the spread was adequate (continental, india, etc), but overall quality, hygiene was not great.
it seems that the food is more to the taste of foreign tourists (which the hotel had plenty).
overall, it is avoidable.
there are good eateries outside (being in a congested area, baga) which one can go to if you can save money here.
this is one of the biggest let-down for us.
the service guys are indifferent; polite, but indifferent.
it seems for them the tourist didn't exist.
(or maybe, it is one of those places where being and indian in india is a disadvantage (foreign tourist were served well it seems - just my perception, though).
you ask something and all you get is either a stare, or simply no acknowledgement - even though they might not refuse you.
(imaging cleaning services asking us - do you need hand towels in bathroom?
other than that, there were glaring examples of service staff ignoring us and i will not inflate this review by adding all of them here - summary: it was bad experience.
we asked for king bed in some of our rooms and double bed in others.
imagine, we reaching the rooms and finding all double beds.
the reception was polite enough to answer - please join the beds, they will become king beds.
we couldn't stop laughing, pitying ourselves for choosing this property.
(there are many more but it simply is a spiral down).
- i will probably never stay here irrespective of the discount they give me.
it simply is not worth it.
- only reason i would recommend anyone this property (probably someone who is not close ;p), in case they are looking for right-in-middle-of-party-scene location.
- approach itself is so crowded that you will feel sad you hired a car.
my suggestion: hire bike till you can.
i thought of rating 'poor' but 1) i selected this hotel even after reading reviews so essentially it was my fault and 2) location overrides almost all the other worst part - thus, average.
from the booking of the hotel via email to the reception, bar and restaurant staff everyone is pleasant and helpful.
stayed at keys ronil resort, baga, goa in november 16.
we were a group of 17 people.
we had opted for keys ronil room which is their standard and basic room.
rooms were simple and do just well.
the location of the resort is good , baga beach is hardly 700 metres away, there are a lot of good places to eat and drink around.
all the popular clubs are nearby as well .
the staff want up to the mark .
in one of the rooms there was issue of hot water which could not be resolved the entire day.
we had to make multiple complaints to the reception and only the following the day the room was changed.
the bathrooms also suffer from drainage issue.
when we wanted to play table tennis in the evening , we asked where the table was and it was shocking that the staff couldn't locate the tt table, they had no idea where it had vanished .
buffet breakfast was good, had decent variety and tasted good as well.
my personal favourite was cheese omlette.
enjoyed swimming in the pool which was large and clean.
overall good resort very near to the party places in goa.
had a nice short stay..... good variety for breakfast, live band near pool side at dinner time.... staff was very helpful.
best thing about this hotel is the location.
it's jus bang opposite titos lane, close to beach.
someone looking for a quite sun bath with a book to read at pool side - jus go for it!
just returned from our third visit to this hotel and once again had a great time.
on arrival at about 0900 was told to go and have breakfast as room was not ready, soon after our meal we were given a room which we didn't like and asked for another which they did with the minimum of fuss.
our room c05 overlooked the main pool and we were very happy with it.
breakfast was to a good standard, eggs omelettes toast beans though sausages were a bit ropey.
indian option also on offer.
room was fine cleaned daily and fresh towels too, toilet a bit whiffy at times but no big problem.
wifi is now free as is the room safe.
pool area was a nice place to chill and could get a sunbed without much hassle.
all staff were excellent and always eager to help.
met some really nice people here including a few familiar faces as this hotel has many repeat guests.
evening entertainment 5 nights a week but just ok to be honest most guests go out so playing to a small audience.
really enjoyed our stay and will certainly return here on our next goa holiday...hope this helps.
this is the best property in baga, which is 10 mins walk from baga beach and 20 mins walk from calangute beach.
very close to tito's lane, with lots of options when it comes to shopping or eating out.
the staff is courteous, no tip culture, there are 2 swimming pools, the hotel also facilitates taxi/scooty service at reasonable price (same as hiring outside), some little maintenance is required in the property (but not a major concern), my room was near the small swimming pool and restaurant - the ac made a humming noise and as i am a light sleeper it did disturb me.
the genset behind the restaurant also makes a lot of noise and it is best to take room away from it.
the restaurant is nice and the buffet is worth it, if you eat out it will still cost your similar in a restaurant.
breakfast buffet is c300/person.
all in all a good property, with nice - courteous staff - prime locality - you can walk to the pubs & bars.
tip - take cash goa does not believe in cash less economy and everything is mrp + rs 5.
hotel is far from beach side.
on the main road market place , big area of hotel all blocks r very scattered , arrangement are not so excellent as per cost .
we had family vacation last year not happy , parking space , reception people behavior are not up to the mark .
they r more inclined for foreigners not for indians .
i enjoyed staying here with my family for 6 nights.
room given was spacious enough to accommodate 2 adults + 2 kids.
location is bang in the heart of happening area.
breakfasts were well spread with variety.
staff was courteous.
pools were very well maintained.
will stay here on next visit too.
our recent stay over xmas was very interesting.
we actually moved 3 times due to problems with the various rooms we were given.
that aside the hotel is in a good location for the beach and calangute.
the best thing about the hotel are the staff - i felt they did a very good job keeping the guests happy.
the food (we had breakfast included and ate there in the evenings 5 times) was good and i had no complaints at all.
i will admit - overall standards have fallen in the last 10 years or so.
stayed there for 2 days in mid december.
what's perfect?
and close to most of the tourist attractions.
taxi/bike hire: you have multiple options just outside the resort.
breakfast: we had breakfast included in our package, spread is decent and live counters serves dosas/egg items.
room: stayed in pool facing room, decently decorated and rightly sized for 2 people.
what not perfect?
limited parking space, could be a concern if traveling by your vehicle during a peak season.
pool is just average in size, though it clean n well maintained.
location food is good... but rest is great issue...
even booking 1 month before not getting rooms as per prefrences.
the housekeeping is a big issue.. they are not equipped with enough manpower to cater all rooms.
if wanna visit carry extra pillow.
we stayed here for new years and had the hotels "new years dinner" - which was a buffet that was not especially good, neither was their drinks.. our hotel key did not work for most of our stay and some of the staff was not that professional.
did how ever have a nice location quite close to the beach, but it was way to expensive compared to other hotels in goa.
would not come back here again.
do some upgrading, keys ronil.
you will lose, most, of your english customers otherwise.
sorry we will never return.
even though we upgraded to pool view room.
your indian customers, seem to get priority, plus the amount, you put in each room, makes life unbearable, for other people.
pull your socks up, clean the rooms, and decorate.
not outside, like the water tower, you have restaurant staff, to be proud off, but the food, is better outside, such a shame, to see such a lovely hotel, going downhill so fast.
close to the beach as well as bars and clubs.
very nice hotel for travellers.
goa is a great place to finish a trip.
can rent a scooter on site as well to go travelling the area.
make sure you have an international license, police stop non-indians to check.
very pleasant place to stay hang out place to be with friends and family nice bar location.
music dj everything is just fabulous.
room service is also very good.
hotel is very clean and perfect.
value for money.food is good.
totally good.
booked with thomas cook and upgraded to a executive room.
when we arrived we thought they had put us in the wrong room so complained no that was a executive room.
i told my wife don't even bother unpacking as i wouldn't be staying in such a dirty flee pit.
i have been coming to goa since 1991 and know the standards are lower than the uk but the cleaning standards normally fairly good.
we moved the following morning at a extra cost of £600 to the colonial santa maria wow what a complete difference.
do not stay here if you want a good clean standard room.
its an entry gate to titto's lane.
best service.
we enjoyed pool, restaurant & table tennis.
during december little expensive rs.3000 to 5000 per night is a good deal.
but worth to stay.
walking to baga beach & titto's the most happening place of goa.
resort is nice and clean.
rooms are big.
both swimming pool were in operating state.
food is also good including morning breakfast.
nice resort to stay for family, rooms are good and i liked food too my daughter enjoyed pool which was cleaned properly.
i really like the location of the resort, night clubs and market is near by and beach is also not too far from the resort.
we looked for a number of hotels before booking but finally chose keys ronil for the excellent location and walkable distance from the beach.
the rooms are of a decent size although a sense of cleanliness is lacking.
the fixtures like the taps were falling apart.
the curtains were only covering 3/4th of the windows, and the extra mattress that we asked for was probably what someone would be given in a prison.
the breakfast had very few options and stayed the same during our 5 days stay at keys.
there was no variation of fruits, dishes, salads etc.
the service staff was fine and courteous, so no complaints there.
i would avoid booking this place in future.
i mailed them regarding the booking of rooms for a family of 20 people.
we all were suppose to celebrate my 1 st birthday of my son.
the hotel staff did not even bother to reply my mail.
i tried to contact them over phone and they said they will revert to me which never happened.
i have stayed in this resort several times therefore thought of spending my son's birthday at this resort.
but such a shame.
they dont even have the courtesy to reply a mail.
i know they get lots of business because of the location, but if this is the attitude u carry towards guest then soon you will be nowhere.
i visited with my family in the end of nov. 2016.
the entry itself proved that the staff was very rude.
the bell boy carried just 3 of our bags and made us carry rest and when i complained, the reception guy was quiet and bell boy argued with us.
then he took us towards the extreme end, i.e.,the oldest building of there resort.
that is understandable as the resort was full but as soon as we entered the room, it was clear that those were the most pathetic rooms they have.
the sheets were dirty, electric kettle was dirty.
and the bathroom was disgusting!
toilet was dirty, mat was like, it was from the pre-independence period.
and when i asked for getting it cleaned the reception guy argued.
when asked why the rooms are not clean when we informed prior coming, he said he doesn't know anything about it as in he doesn't belong to the resort.
at breakfast, the staff will greet you good morning if you are a foreigner and if indian, just, "room number?"
they will ask you about the food and service again if you are foreigner but if indian, looks at you as in you are eating for free.
in our 4 day stay, the corrie-door was not cleaned once as we witnessed it getting dirtier day by day.
we stayed at ronil in nov.
the property is a well maintained with good location as it's close to baga beach.
however rooms are very small considering the tariff.
food is nothing great and expensive.
choose this hotel only for location.
this is our third time at the ronil and we love it.
this time we hit lucky and got a huge quiet room at the back of the hotel.
it was great but more coat hangers and a better would have been good.
as usual the staff are amazing - special mention to vishnu (both of them) at the pool who was always so helpful and even lent us his phone to ring a friend.
the food is really good - love love the vegetarian choices - green pea and cashew nut bargie (sorry about spelling) especially good.
breakfast is fab too - i am really going to miss marsala dosas - absolutely yummy and so fascinating to watch them being made.
another special mention about romario who was really helpful as always.
thank you to all at ronil for a great stay.
keys ronil resort is very close to baga beach...
what i also loved was 2 swimming pools..
rooms are divided in sections and it gives you good space when you are out with friends...
resort provides free wifi which wasn't working that well at that time.. one thing that i didn't like was that outside liquor was not allowed...
which is a rarely seen..
i have stayed in all kind of properties but never seen that...
also there is 24x7 shop right opposite, which is the best part so one can't be short of anything whole night..
first ever visit to goa and stayed at the ronil.
it is ideally situated for getting to the beach, shops , bars and restaurants.
it has a good swimming pool and there are plenty of loungers around the pool.
the rooms are a bit dated but spotlessly clean.
if your looking for good basic hotel in a central location then this is ideal.
i went with my family which include an infant also.
location is perfect because baga beach is on walking distance of 5-10 min.
tito lane is 2 min away.
food: i am vegetarian so no idea of non veg quality.
bf options and food quality was good.
apart from that we have ordered main course also and they also prepared very well.
service: very friendly staff and service is very nice.
they are quick and responsive everytime.
room: room size was small but have all the basic require amenities which require for a family having infants.
room cleaning staff is also nice.
they have 2 swimming pool, both are clean.
one have good size and second one in bit small and good for kids.
the ronil is ideally located for the beach and the restaurants, being pretty much in the middle of baga.
the pool is big but looks very tired in areas, as do the rooms.
the bathrooms are really very dated, however everything works.
good tv with lots of english channels including some unknown films, discovery & national geographic.
breakfast was okay - great omelettes made to order.
i only ate lunch here one day, but it was good.
prices reasonable.
clean rooms, great food, nice staff very friendly.
hotel nice and quiet away from the bustle of the street.
great location central to everything.
the food in this hotel is excellent.
rooms are not 5* but are clean.
there are two pools.
we stayed here for a total duration of 4 nights in their pool view room.
it was a good stay - a good neat room, a great breakfast spread and the well maintained swimming pool.
this is located at a very convenient distance from the baga beach, which made it easier to stay back late at night at the beach shacks.
food at the restaurant is a little expensive compared to the average pricing of the area, but there are a huge number of places at a walk-able distance from this property.
would not hesitate to book this for our next trip as well!
this was our first family (couple with 2 kids) stay in keys ronil, from oct 29 to nov 02 2016.
the resort offers a perfect package at a convenient location, well maintained premises and prompt service.
the lush green surroundings, pool and the restaurant serving a good variety of delicious cuisine made the stay really enjoyable.
the room with free wifi access, housekeeping, other services and (friendly) staff all were very good.
the room was cleaned everyday to a satisfactory standard and we were always left 2 +1 bottles of water.
will always remember beautiful musical evening next to the pool.
breakfast was good, idly, vada/upma/poha, dosa, juices,....and my all days favorite omelette, specially on dates oct 30, 31 & nov 01 with great cook (don't remember his name).
apart breakfast, two time we had meal there...food was little expensive than else where and was nothing special.
the hotel is situated at the heart of north goa, very excellent locaton...with 5 mins walk to beach and mambo tito lane.
there is a 24 hour super market right across the hotel and next to it a chemist.
taxi, private cars & bike rental options are easily available there right outside the hotel.
overall a nice property at an awesome location!
located in the main bagha beach locality, but once inside the resort you feel relaxed and relaxed from the hectic life.
place is clean staff hospitable cooks were great overall management was very friendly.
rooms and facilities were worth the price .
i should have given a four star rating.. it's actually worth it..
the very ambience is worth it..but you see, i still belong to the era of ronil's when it wasn't keys...hence three stars!
we reached saturday night in our own vehicle and found it very difficult to park our xylo...no one to guide us, you see!
of course the receptionist was i his usual dreary mood..( he seems to be absolutely devoid of emotion all the time... nothing to do with our stay,so fine with it!)
after a good night's rest, we had breakfast, which was de very good..( but breakfast can be a messy affair at times, i mean the wonderful buffet breakfast, food disappears so fast, you may be reminded of your hostel canteen!
and no place to sit) we went to the overcrowded baga beach, and didn't feel like getting back to the hotel or go sightseeing...the waves here are huge...and fast...and rough..but it's a nice experience.
well, here comes the interesting part..we wanted to extend our stay, so we were given a room called i 02... hmmm... an experience in itself is..... cobwebs, no hot water in the bathtub...insects we had never seen before...but housekeeping was so very good, that the moment we brought this to their attention,it was fixed!
all in all, i call it a good experience.
i would prefer ronil's anyday.
specify to the chef what your requirement is , actually, and the dish is prepared.. call housekeeping, they respond immediately...so definitely a good stay..the two pools don't have lifeguards, but still fine..so, if you want to stay at ronil's, go ahead.. but make sure you tell them what exactly you want from them before hand..and a few reminders of the same would definitely not hurt!!
so, plan well, go ahead,have a happy stay!
excellent hotel, stayed there during the diwali vacation being my second visit.
the rooms are good & nice.
loved the food, service and great music in the evening.it has two swimming pools which my daughter enjoyed a lot.
overall an excellent stay and would recommend this hotel for people wanting to stay at baga.
went there to visit an old friend since he was staying there.
when i came out to collect my charger in the car the front office manager very rudely asked me if i had been in the room .firstly that's not how you speak to a guest.
he could have told me the same thing politely.
my friend had to check out immediately cuz of this horrific experience ..the hotel management needs to take these matters seriously and train their small and narrow minded staff... would not recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a peaceful holiday in goa.
excellent location and the good part ends here.
below average room and moreover dirty toilet, reused bedsheets, and bad service.
the published pictures and the reality is quite different so please read other terrible reviews of this hotel before even thinking of staying here.
however, this place has some potential to become a better place, first step would be to fire current manager who is not only arrogant but incompetent in tackling customer issues and replace him with the one who is really humble and competent.
overall, avoid this place at any cost.
the location is superb.
breakfast was awesome.
staff were very good.
sud stay there.its a 4 star stay.
room service and housekeeping ia also good.
we can move in and out at 2 am.also.
and outside the hotel its full crowd.
so you enjoy goa.
1) i booked to hotel from mmt in the month of may for 13th to 16th oct.
however hotel gave me extremely cornered room at the extreme end.
my room was j08, where as the serial starts from a01.
what is point of booking it in well advance, after checking it with the front desk they were very lenient and said they don't have any other rooms.
2) room's split ac makes noise like its a mild rain out side.
3) they have a sewer system which releases water in the garden at middle of night and it stinks.
4) found cracks on the wall in bedroom as well as washroom.
at the price of 5k +/- night, defiantly they can improve and install better system.
had a very nice 2 day stay in the hotel during dussehra long weekend...hotel location is perfect.
a very happening place in north goa..very near to baga beach and night clubs..resort swimming pool was also quite descent....buffet breakfast had a good variety...overall a very good hotel to stay in north goa.
i stayed here with my wife for 3 nights.
it's bang opposite tito's lane and just a minute walk to baga beach (short cut) lane.
the amenities are fine.
breakfast is awesome.
staff is goan :) meaning really relaxed so people like me from mumbai can find it a bit less impressive.
but be patient, eventually they appear to be prompt.
you can hire bike from hotel staff itself so no need to worry.
nice hotel with spacious rooms and pool and best location near to all happening places in baga.
breakfast spread was also really good.
real value for money.
ronil was second home in goa to many for may years - a modest property with warmth and grace.
both seem to have disappeared.
internet did not work for me, the hotel refused to help on many counts.
their general manager was not available and his assistant vinay arora implied that internet not working was my problem and not the hotel's, and they can make it work on my phone, nothing else.
a friend had mosquitoes in the room and was told that it was his problem and not theirs.
all hotels have their bad days or weeks.
where this is different is that the attitude and the body language is "we are tolerating you, be thankful that we have given you a room".
most disappointed.
centrally located and also very near to baga.
classic ambiance, very supportive staff and overall worth going.
breakfast was fantastic.
live band was excellent on saturday night.
room service was good.
very well-connected to anjuna/vagator beach also walk able distance for titos.
it is a lovely hotel located very close to the beach, the plus point is it is right exactly in front of titos lane.
perfectly located for people wants to visit baga n calangute and enjoy parties and come back to the room safely.
hotel structure is bit old but very well maintained and clean overall.
the staff here are very helpful and friendly, a special shout for the lady manager miss chatterjee, very helpful and polite and the boys from room cleaning.
over all i am happy and looking forward to visit again, keep up the good work guys see you soon.
after reading few reviews i was little scared to book this hotel but i was very happy with my stay.
very near to titos lane and the beach, super market, pharmacy and many restaurants near by.
view from the balcony is scenic.
property has lot of greenery and a pool.
hotel organized a south goa tour for us.
you can book taxi through the hotel for your drop.
mattresses were old but comfortable.
we stayed here for three nights.
the place is located on the baga beach road, right opposite the titos lane.
the beach is just about a 10-12 minute walk, and the area is bustling with activity.
we checked in early morning around 5 and were given a room which was not exactly what we had booked.
we also faced an issue with mosquitoes and a derth of toiletries in our room.
when we raised this to the staff the next morning, we were promptly allotted a fresh room, and our concerns were addressed.
the rooms are big enough and clean, but the appear a bit dated.
the property has two pools.
the restaurant and the bar area are by the pool side.
the staff is courteous and is responsive too.
the break fast spread is decent, but be prepared to wait before you get a table when the resort is full.
we had to wait for about 15 minutes each day.
overall, a good budget accommodation in the heart of goa.
definitely worth a stay if you are looking for a decent accommodation on a budget.
good location , food was good too .
negatives : rooms could have been better managed and maintained .
the pool next to our room also could have been better managed .
pros : one can definitely visit the place and enjoy goa .
had a four day stay at this hotel, impressed.
location good, 5 minute walk from baga beach.
shop with atm opposite, pharmacy and other shops 1 minute walk.
taxis available outside constantly.
clean room.
ac, bathroom, shower fine.
our room directly above restaurant yet very quite.
room service fast.
wifi good when working, but frequently did not work.
breakfast and other food all excellent.
food and drink prices good.
pool clean, nice size especially for indian hotels.
towels provided at pool side.
all staff friendly and attentive.
enjoyable stay, would return.
this hotel is located about 15 minutes walk from baga beach of goa.
the rooms are big with large bed and fairly comfortable.
the hotel had a nice swimming pool around which the buildings are arranged.
the service is good with good breakfast options.
there is nice poolside bar b cue in the evening at the poolside where live performance by local singers take place.
the entire ambience and atmosphere is extremely lively.
only negative is the distance from beach.
other than that , it is a very reasonably priced value for money staying option in goa, if you want to stay at baga beach, which is less crowded and offers more privacy.
please avoid this place.
they just want to make money by fooling the customer.
they even charged us for the alcohol we bought from outside.
rooms were extremely bad with ac's not working at all.
hotel staff misbehaved with us as we were tourist.
i will never recommend this to anyone in future.
the luxurious ambience and amazing staff made the time in the hotel a delightful part of our vacation.
rooms were well maintained and spacious.
plus ,u can't beat the value for complimentary breakfast.
the location is perfect as it is in the heart of city.
a special thanks to the front office staff for been so helpful.
will surely come back.
in july this year we had a wonderful stay at the ronil resort, goa for three nights.
the best thing is that it is located very near to baga beach.
the rooms are very neat and clean.
the breakfast had a huge spread and the service was very quick.
food was excellent.
they have two pools which are maintained well.
good hospitality by the staff.
the hotel property has been maintained & operated really well.
special thanks to mr. vinay arora as he was extremely helpful and very prompt in responding to our small little requests, making sure that we have a comfortable stay.
i would surely love to stay here again.
i booked an executive room at this resort through makemytrip.
but i was given a standard room.
when i asked the manager, he said all rooms are same and the executive ones are the ones having pool view.
i met a couple who had booked executive room and they had got the right one.
the executive rooms are at the back of the resort with separate pool.
i was suppose to stay at this place for 3 days but i vacated in a day only.
went to the o resort candolim.
it was awesome with private beach and the cost is also the same as keys ronil.
i have given 2 rating for this place just for food.
the complementary breakfast was good.
if you are going as couple or family, don't prefer this place.
rooms are clean and comfortable,helpful staff.
have a good breakfast buffet menu.
spacious enough pools and plus point is that it is close to all the beaches.
staying here would be value for money.thank you for the services ronil resorts.
we stayed at keys ronil resort,baga goa on 28/7 for three nights & the experience was not good.we booked three executive rooms directly on telephonic conversation & the rooms which they show us on website & the rooms which they provided we're totally different as they provide us standard rooms.the behaviour of staff was not good specially there restaurant manager (don't know his name)in morning shift.
we went there for a proper dining dinner one night as it was one of the famous place of baga..... we asked for a wifi and they said it is only for hotel guest which is very rude and the food was not very good too!!
i would never go back!
so if you plan to stay close to baga & yet not wanting to pay a heavy price, this should be on your shortlist.
walking distance from practically everything, with a beautiful little swimming pool, nice staff, average rooms & good food.
the property is beautiful and well maintained.
its also near to the baga beach.
we stayed there for three days*two nights.
the rooms were clean and neat, but always felt damp inside.
our room had balcony with sit-out that opened out to within the property.
after a days outing felt relaxed sitting out there.
the housekeeping was prompt in cleaning and refilling as per our availability.
the complimentary breakfast buffet was just above average.the room service orders were better.
the two swimming pools was kind of a jackpot in case we want a bit more privacy, as one opens out to the resort portico and the other one is secluded and surrounded by the property buildings.
sleep quality i would'nt say was the best , since the rooms took in all the surrounding sounds.
another attraction is that this resort lies opposite to the famous tito's lane where a multitude of pub and shops are available.
there are lots of option to shop around especially the tibetan market which is a lil costly, but worth the visit.
we hired a car from a guy suggested by the hotel staff and went all along north and south goa(petrol is cheaper here).
overall a good stay.
i visited last february for a 4 night 5 day stay and booked this deal online, hotel driver was there to pick up at airport.
the room was upgraded to super deluxe and was a poolside suite.
wifi and other services were as per standard.
breakfast buffet was amazing with a wide spread of indian and continental options.
everything was fresh and taste was awesome.
this property is very near to the tito's lane(baga most hyped hub).
beach is like 500 meters from the hotel and just outside the hotel is famous baga market.
if you are planning to stay in baga this property deserves a chance.
i was pretty much interested to stay here as one my best buddies suggested me this hotel in baga.
pictures in the website and other partner sites are probably pretty old which camouflages the actual conditions of the property.
rooms as shown in pictures are not the current rooms.
we stayed in keys room and it's was ok n not what shown in the picture.
lack of maintenance is leading to shabby rooms.
the staff is not customer friendly i must say.
they talk as if they have to!
now,complimentary breakfast is a plus!cost of food in the in-house restaurant is expensive for the less quantity served.
best part is the hotel's location, one can take a walk to baga beach and spend time in the lane decked up with pubs,nightclubs,restaurants,dining outlets.
will recommend to check rooms before checking in.
overall it was an average stay and with the price quoted one may find better places to stay at with better rooms and amneties.
the rooms are ok kinds but guess that;s why the tariff is not that high.
the resort has two swimming pools so that's an added advantage.
food is above average though they still got to do much in breakfast buffet which is kinda boring as you would see the same stuff almost everyday.
tito's lane is round the corner and so is baga beach.
average stay in all.
i have been a regular visitor to goa and always had a good time with family and friends but this time god had some other plans and not sure in which unfortunate hour i decided to book keys ronil resort.
- no regards to guest complaint.
i checked in with my wife and 2 year old son late in the evening.
to my utter surprise the pathetic air conditioner which was already huffing and puffing to keep the smallest room i have ever seen stopped working in the midnight.
despite repeated calls to front desk, no body bothered to come and check it and i had to walk down myself to talks some sense to them.
now even after repeated attempts they failed to rectify the problem and made us change the room in those wee hours.
now comes the surprise, they allotted us a room with two single beds joined together and requested us to adjust till morning as no rooms are available.
i had enough of this drama and blasted them left right and center and voila, a room with a double bed appeared out of nowhere.
moved to this room and woke up next day to realized that i have been moved to a room almost inside a garbage pit .
for the next three days i have had to make numerous request to clean the rooms or provide room service but the staff was in their own sweet world with no regards to my requests.
all in all, a completely avoidable property if you are around in this area.
had heard quite good things about keys ronil which actually made us book for this resort.
however, the stay was disappointing.
the rooms aren't pleasing, plus hygiene is a main concern there.
the staff lacks hospitality & isn't very courteous.
as for food, breakfast was really bad with limited & repetitive options.
won't recommend this resort especially for those who have an understanding for good taste in everything.
the hotel's location is great 10 minutes from the beach, but be sure that you can't see the beach from the hotel.
the pools are clean.
try the club sandwich in the restaurant it's good.
breakfast has plenty choices.
rooms are adequate.
the bathroom had water problems but the staff was very helpful.
keys ronil resort was a comfortable experience .
it is located right in the heart of goa .
it is at a walking distance from baga beach and a few kms from the calangute beach .
few of the best night clubs such as tito are at walking distance from the place .
the hotel is in the main market area of baga , and one has the access to everything at a stone throw distance .
the hotel is comfortable , but will not call it lavish .
but it is a good value for money .
the hotel has two swimming pools , which can be improved a bit .
though the hotel is located right in the middle of the market area , it has good greenery inside , and has a good atmosphere to relax .
food is good , breakfast was excellent and with good variety .
rooms are comfortable , with slightly old looks .
overall good family hotel and good value for money .
nonsense rules, the only thing they know is to make money.
there were ants found on bed and on the dressing table.
room had a small fridge which was not work.
water leakage from ac, stinking rooms pathetic food.
all the fun of for the trip was spoiled when we checked in to the hotel.
this hotel has everything a traveller expects from an excellent hotel.great hospitality even in off season in goa.all the staffs are well behaved and cooperative.rooms and entire hotel is on top in terms of cleanliness.breakfast and food is more than expected.overall - best hotel in goa i stayed till now and will definitely visit this year again in peak season.
tip:- prefer pool facing rooms or front facing rooms..
i booked a normal room only but they gave me a pool side room as complimentary since i visited this hotel for the second time.....i will book next time also in same hotel in october month 2016.
the location and ambiance of the property is amazing and one of the best in baga.
the staff are extremely hospitable and quick to assist whenever required.
buffet breakfast spread is more than sufficient and has a variety of choices.
my only suggestions would be to improve the free wifi connectivity and speed.
had a great time and will definitely visit again.
a good place with exceptional location, little issues with wifi, lil old rooms, rest is good out here.
vinay arora ( the manager) was really helpful throughout our stay.
he took special care of our every need.
special thanks to him.
will definitely visit again with family soon.
if you intend to be near baga beach and all the nightclubs, beach activities and crowds that come with it, the hotel's location is perfect for you.
it is a stone's throw away from the beach and just off tito's lane.
however, if you looking for a large, secluded resort, you should look at other options.
food- the meals served at the hotel are not very appetizing.
activities- there are two medium sized pools and a table tennis room.
but there are no open spaces/gardens for sports and walks.
you'll have to walk down to baga for recreation.
rooms- the rooms are as clean as one can expect for the moderate price tag.
if you a particular about very clean bathrooms, this place would disappoint.
don't expect beautiful views of the beach from your room.
conference/events room- the conference room is large enough to accomodate about 50 people.
if you plan to conduct a dj party, beware of ametuerish dj's spoiling the vibe.
also, the hotel forces the speakers to be shut at 10:30 pm, which is quite irrational.
the hotel staff is moderately friendly and helpful.
however, they create a lot of issues if you bring alcoholic drinks from elsewhere.
nothing fancy about it, but this the best option around baga lane.
their rooms are not great but better than all other hotels in the area.
this is the place to stay if you are a party lover and have kids(toddlers as well) with you.
book it in advance otherwise rate variation is quite high.
their breakfast options are great so opt for packages including breakfast.
it is an old hotel renovated by keys group so expect variation in ambience of cottages built earlier with newer ones.
note: by area i mean hotels at walking distance from baga lane.
first of all, the location of the hotel is a big plus.
the lane which goes to baga beach(titos lane) is like bang opposite to the hotel.
baga beach is like 10 minutes walk from the hotel location.
2 atms are again 10 minute walk from the hotel.
restaurants are all over near the hotel - if you dont want to eat in the hotel restaurant.
the hotel restaurant itself is very very good.
good food, good choice of drinks available at any time at the hotel restaurant.
i stayed with my family with a kid.
we really liked the room service, top notch service they have.
the room service always picked up our call withing minutes, order was taken fast and then delivered to the room with equal quickness.
and food quality - very good.
although on the first day, i found cleanliness an issue in the room when we checked in - but when i raised the issue with the front desk, the hotel guys promptly acted on my request and cleaned the room nicely and fast.
request for extra towels/pillow was promptly acted upon.
my kid liked the swimming pool- it was acceptably clean (though it would have been better, but then it was raining all the time-so i think it was ok).
the air-conditioning in the room was top-notch with no issue at all.
the complimentary breakfast was also very nice - wide choice of breakfast items -both north indian and south indian items and also western items (sausages, pancakes etc).
but beware, wifi is non-existent.
they like offer 512 kbps free internet connection-which is like useless.
so, if you need to use internet, better carry your own data connection like dongle/mobile data.
overall a very good experience and i would definately choose the same hotel again for my next trip to goa.
very good hotel with two swimming pool's and very nice dinning place.
service was very good, breakfast excellent.
close to bagga beach just a 10 minute walk.
only one improvement they need is sorting their damp problems.
some of the members of our party were not happy with the rooms but manager was very helpful and changed all our rooms as required.
we were 2 families and stayed here for 2 days in may.
the hotel location is real good and property at first sight is impressive.
but the rooms failed to meet our expectations.
poorly maintained interiors, old linen and furniture looked worn out.
breakfast is a highlight, with lots of veg and non-veg options.
the staff in restaurant were helpful, in striking contrast to the staff in the rest of the hotel who have a general indifferent attitude.
the pool is decently maintained.
on whole, an average stay experience.
right from the location (proximity to baga beach), the property, room, food (fab breakfast) and service, this resort has everything going for it.
the fact that they have 2 fairly well sized pools, with one of them converting in to an alfresco dining area with live music, adds to the charm!
we went in peak season and were pleasantly surprised to find the place not expensive given all of the above.
me my wife and two kids stayed in this hotel for 2 days on15 and 16 june 2016.rooms are good and chilled.my kids enjoyed the pool.breakfast was ausome with so many varities.well job done keys ronil eager to come again next year.
we were three couples in goa on our first visit.we chose keys ronil as it was close to all major places to visit in baga.no need to worry about hiring expensive vehicles.
hotel is beautiful with 2 large swimming pools.good food and service.
wifi wss not very fast and was going off occasionaly.
special thanks to mr vinay for excellent services.
love to visit again.
the location of this hotel is perfect to explore baga, walking distance to everywhere including the beach and a supermarket.
overall the hotel is nice, staff are always on hand to help and the grounds are well maintained.
our room was cleaned nicely and everything was in working order.
the food is the downfall of this hotel.
it is presented amazingly but the taste is quite disappointing.
the breakfast was not so good for us as western travellers but seemed to have a vast selection of indian cuisine.
additionally, the wifi is unreliable and doesn't reach the rooms but this seems to be the case everywhere we have visited in india.
so we reached keys in the morning & got a room around 11am only to realise that window pane is missing & the ac isnt cooling enough.
the new manager vinay was very helpful & quickly changed our room to a bigger one.
the loo although had a bad sewage smell throughout our stay.
the front office staff namely rameshwar & others(waiters) are very very rude.
the food/breakfast buffet sucks , spread is terrible.the watchman takes 100-300/- if he organises a cab for you,this was told to us by our cabbie.
the hotel's location is simply amazing but they can do so much better by just improving the basics.
ronil is an age old name in goa & keys isnt doing enough!
further i think the hotel leases out its compound to cab /scooter agents as almost all of them park it inside, looks like a busy parking lot..
stayed here for 3 nights recently, location 100 points, but beside that rest all not up to the mark (except breakfast was pretty decent) rooms are very dated and old, linen torn and marks all over, bathroom were crappy, internet not working in the rooms and extremely slow in the public areas, staff not very friendly at all or helpful.
stayed here in november 2015.
its very near to beach and titos lane.
geat place to stay if you want to roam around freely.
neat rooms and good buffet breakfast.
try to take the rooms with balcony and swimming pool view.
1.
location : excellent, 5 mins walk from beach and all other happening places.
get cars / bikes at rent just outside the resort.
2.
check in / check out : super fast, 5 mins max.
3.
cleanliness : brilliant, neat and clean.
4.
amenities : two big swimming pools, with clean water.
5.
hospitality : warm and welcoming at all areas - check in / restaurant / room service.
call them post midnight and they are available within 5 mins.
6.
restaurant: breakfast and dinner was mouth watering, manager saurav takes care of all guest personally.
must eat food in-house due good quality and chef satyenjoy meets you personally to make dishes as per your choice and tastes.
very rarely seen in goan resorts.
an excellent relaxed trip and value for money.
the location of this property is excellent as it is just before the lane which takes you to titos / baga.
the resort and it's pool are nicely maintained.
the breakfast buffet is good as well.
have stayed here on two occasions.
keys ronil resort is located at the prime location in goa, near baga beach.rooms are small but were neat and clean.breakfast was full of options .breakfast was delicious.
main market of north goa was just outside the hotel.the famous tito club is just opposite.
this hotel is good for the people who wants to do lots of party after reaching goa as every happening clubs are near-by.
but for me it was not value for money.
their services are good no complaint about that.
staffs at the reception could have been more polite and warm in welcoming guests.
breakfast spread and quality needs to improve significantly.
rooms are spacious, clean and average.
the service levels were excellent.
the food was great.
my daughter enjoyed the holiday along with me and my wife.
f&b team especially were very helpful and went all out to make our holiday memorable.
overall it was value for money and a good break from the hustle and bustle of mumbai life.
i would love to recommend this property.
this was our first stay at keys ronil resort.
we stayed here for just 2 nights.
our room checkin was done smoothly when we arrived early morning, the staff was very courteous and there was somebody who escorted us to the room.
the room was ok, pool facing and was good for 2 people,not very big,not very small,just enough for two.
the hotel is located very close to baga beach so we went out for dinner to one of the shacks.
there is evrything available around the hotel, just walking distance.
lots of bikes and cars on rent and good night life too.after coming back tired we spent some time besides the pool as it was pretty relaxing and then has a comfortable night sleep.
the beds are cozy and relaxing and the morning atmosphere was simply so rejuvenating.
in the morning, we had the pleasure of meeting a very interesting person who is their head chef-jenson fernandez who you all should meet if you want to try some of the keys specials.he indeed impressed us with his food and talks.
he made us a keys special dosa,omelette and some goan bread sausages for breakie which were simply yummy.
the breakfast spread otherwise was also good with a wide selection of veg and nonveg and 2 live counters.
we checkdout and the stay was complete.
in short had a great vacation.
thanks to keys ronil and the management for a lovely stay.
will surely recommend and come again.
just planned to enjoy 31st dec in goa only if we get space in keys ronil@ baga... well mr austin the gm of resort was much helpful in bookings... its a very neat and clean resort with super location on baga calangute road bang opposite mambo tito lane... its crowded whn u r out of resort and its super serene whn u r inside the resort...
a nice experience.
don't expect any special stay but it's just about what you need from the hotel.
excellent location (5mins from baga) and fits the budget.
swimming pools are good, rooms (not the basic one) are decent.
when you go to goa you barely stay in the hotel and it is just apt for the small time you spend in the hotel.
the hotel is just 5 min walk from the baga beach which is a huge plus.
you can go take a walk on tito's lane any time of the day and just relax on the beach and walk back.
i would recommend you take the front rooms as they looked better.
the hotel in itself was quite nice.
the staff was courteous and helpful.
it has got a good pool and the food is decent.the rooms are big and spacious and quite clean, as were the bed sheets and the toilet.
all in all its a decent stay in north goa.
it gets better if u get a good deal on it.
it's request to everyone pls don't book ur room here... bad hospitality..very arrogant behaviour.
...bathroom conditions was not good...check in process is very slow..reservation desk is equally unprofessional and arrogant.
we had a wonderful and pleasant stay.
all the staffs were very polite and helpful.
great rooms,great food,great location.
the courtesy of the hotel will be cherished by us for the lifetime.good wishes.......
this resort is very nice the location of the property is awesome the most happening place of goa.
rooms are good and clean.
loved the spread over breakfast a great start for the day.
all night clubs are very near, beach is just few meters away from the hotel.
had a wonderful stay at the hotel.
loved staying at this place.
the room was clean and the view was wonderful.
went there with a couple pf friends and fully enjoyed it.
had got a great deal on paytm.
the food served was good too.
definitely worth the money.
the staff was friendly and overall we had a pleasant stay.
i have always said in my previous reviews that one has to be very careful while booking the rooms in the hotel when it comes to where they are located with respect to the view.
i was in for a big shock when during my second visit to this property, i booked the rooms.
we could not get the rooms overlooking the swimming pool and hence had to settle for the ones in the back side.
i thought it would be ok if we dont have an open view.
but to my shock, everything about the rooms was third grade , right from the access to the lighting to the room quality.
i was in for a big shock when the room service was also of poor quality .
and this is after the property is managed by keys group.
utterly disappointed .
it was as good as getting duped.
never ever visiting this property again.
i visit goa atleast thrice a year...!!
i know its way too much but then its goa, the place very close to me.
i have stayed in many properties in goa for the last 12years, mostly in north goa.
we had always noticed ronil while in baga but never stayed until last year sep. after considering many places, we planned to stay at ronil and what a good decision it was.
the stay was superb, the staff is always smiling and the room service is the quickest in goa..!
wifi was an issue but who needs wifi on vacation.
the buffet breakfast was good.
the best part was the front desk, willing to accommodate all your reasonable request.
this is the best property in the heart of baga.
team ronil....we are coming on 30th apr looking forward for the same exceptional service.
see you all soon.
after lot of consideration, i planned to stay in north goa this time, wherein my stay was with key ronil in baga.
i had a mixed experience of my stay if four days.
rooms are very compact and i found wifi as most concerning factor during the stay.
also food served in the restaurant was stale so not advised to have food there.
overall, it was not a great stay.
the ambiance is very nice .
we had booked their standard room but the room was very smelly but it was a good sized room.
staff is friendly & courteous .breakfast spread is nice too .
the hotel has 2 pools ( one good size & one small pool).
they also have pool table and some indoor games .
it is also situated just opposite to the titos lane so you have luxury at your lap and also also natural beach , eateries & night life just a minute away .
very unhygienic hotel.
uneducated staff...
i waited for long time for checkin.. staff is telling no room ready....
the photos they have mentioned in website it's all wrong..
a good hotel which is central and on the main road to calangute, a worrying start as we landed early and they put us in a room at the back but soon transferred us to a room nearer front.
there are 2 pools which looked clean, the breakfast is buffet style and a good choice for every nationality.
the rooms are cleaned everyday plus fresh towels and water, free aircon and safe, bit small balcony but a great base to explore, all in all i will be back as there is so much i didn't do and if the price is right i would stay at keys ronil.
this is i difficult review to write as the staff here were very friendly, the cleaning staff were brilliant.
we found out this hotel has been taken over in the last couple of years and regular visitors told us things are changing and not for the better.
our stay was slightly disappointing due to several minor problems.
the breakfast scene is disorganised, we have had to ask for cutlery several times, tables are not cleared and have asked for this to be done.
we chose a table and got our coffee and cutlery laid out, went to the egg chef to get our eggs, on our return an indian couple were at our table with our stuff removed and we were shown to another table.
there was no water one evening and was told 15 minutes it would be back on, 30 minutes later it was still off, my partner asked is there an empty room available with water so we can have a shower, she was told to wait and the receptionist started serving another customer, when i went down with her i was told the whole hotel had no water, so we asked to speak to the manager then all of a sudden a room was available with water.
the indian tourists are filling rooms for 2 people with as many as they can get in, with some making noise till the early hours of the morning.
our air conditioning stopped working twice, on another occasion water was dripping out on the tv, it clearly needs a good service.
you will find indian ladies in their nightwear at breakfast with children running around, even the staff had to control some children once.
i do not wish this to sound a rant as it certainly is not all bad, with some very small but easy changes this would be a great place to stay.
the truth is when you take a well earned holiday and pay good money then a little better is required.
traveled to goa with friends and stayed at keys ronil last september.
the biggest advantage is the location (very close to baga beach) if you are staying in north goa.
the property per say is good but needs upkeep badly.
the breakfast spread is good but some more variety to the daily breakfast would be appreciated.
the rooms are spread out in form of cottages and per say there is no view, they merely look on to landscape patches.
but they are clean and simple, nothing fancy to write about.
staff is attentive and helpful.
overall a good option near baga beach especially if you book it online thru travel portals.
the resort is bang on the mail road close to titos.
rooms are very big and spacious.
2 swimming pools very good and big enough.
food is good but with very limited options.
the quantity though is very huge and good for families.
staff very helpful.
nice room in v block nice n quiet nice and cleaned every day clean bedding and towels every day excellant staff very friendly and polite cant do enough for you if you need anything you only have to ask and its done straight away.
i went to baga in march 2016 its a great place to stay, bustling streets with many shops,restaurants,and bars.
baga beach is wonderful with some good beach shacks, try the lucky star shack great staff very friendly lovely food, mp looked after us superbly.
i stayed at the keys ronil hotel it was a bit tired but it was being renovated when i stayed there, the staff were very good and food there was very nice with a great breakfast.
the 2 pools can get a bit busy but overall it was fine.
the room was ok free safe, air con and 2 bottles of water every day also cleaned every day.
i would certainly recommend this hotel and i will be back.
pros.
2. always full so you don't get best deal.
friendly staff, good rooms & amenities.
a pleasure to have stayed here.
prime location close to the baga beach.
excellent food spread.
would love to visit this place again sometime in the future.
value for money.
visited with family over the holi long weekend.
we had a early morning flight hence landed in the hotel quite early.
the staff must say is superb and nice they gave us early check in which was a bliss for us.
overall the room, the pool all is clean and nice.
the breakfast spread was large with variety.
the wifi was a bit slow but who needs wifi on the holiday the day.
in all we have fun and lovely time.
my 3.5 yrs kids simply enjoy his pool time.
hotel has nice rooms with powerful air conditions.
besides that hotel has a very nice swimming pool and sports bar which has indoor sports facilities like table tennis, billiards and many more.
after a very stressful flight to goa due to the thomson flight been delayed 24 hours our rooms very ready for us on our arrival, stayed in this hotel 2 years ago, and just returned home today, was a bit worried about some of the reviews up to us going but was not disappointed in the slightest, the requests we made to the hotel before our arrival were met as travelled this year with friends and family, we stayed in room c04, room was ground floor, yes they could do with a lick of paint, the towels were changed on a daily basis and the bedding every other day, the beds were as comfortable as ever, bottles of water left daily, and our cleaner was fantastic what a great friendly guy he was, the ground staff and security men always had a cheerful smile on greeting you every morning, breakfast this year was also better than the previous year, as bacon was available on request and very nice it was.
we had been at ronil keys goa for 4 nights from 17 march 2016 to 21 march 2016,just want to tell you guys had been to goa many times ,but it was our 1 time we had stayed at ronil keys goa ,the location is perfect you won't find a better hotel then this at this location just near by beach , night life almost every thing nearby,the food is mind blowing guys rights from the breakfast to diner everything we eat was wow, the rooms were also good ,and last but not the least the staff was perfect right from the manager to cleaning guys all were very helpful they had given us early checkin to late checkouts as our flight was late at evining just by one request they had given us late checkout i don't think any hotel in goa would do this for there customers , had received the perfect hospitality from ronil keys goa,thank you guys for perfect vacation would defiantly come again .
i've just returned from a great 2 week stay at this hotel.
i found all the staff to be very friendly and helpful and although the hotel is in need of further re-furb the atmosphere was terrific.
my room was lovely and i enjoyed all the food and drink.
check in - was ok.
the room - very basic!
the walls could do with a coat of paint.
very dusty.
there's a bar fridge in the room.
we required a third bed - initially- they just put the mattress on the floor - then after being asked for the roll away bed - we were given one.
the bathroom is small but decent.
shower was effective.
wifi - the wifi almost never worked - no matter how strong the signal was.
after many trips to reception to change log in details etc.
we still had issues.
huge breakfast selection.
dosa station, usual indian breakfast options and egg station.
we had supper at the restaurant- the golden net.
the lobster thermador- r2100- wasn't great, sauce was runny.
the prawns vindaloo n prawns peri peri were very good.
the masala fish was not good.
we hired a taxi to do a private tour of south goa.
the guy at reception arranged it.
we were charged r4700 for a taxi for the day.
bec it wasn't a tour as promised- no commentary.
lots of eating places on the road outside.
a nice hotel bang on the road near baga beach.
the night life of goa is cloooose.
mambo's and other happening places hardly five minutes walk from the hotel.
the hotel has two swimming pools, small but we'll maintained lawns, staff is generally helpful and the food fare good.
found lots of foreigners staying in this hotel.
book on line for best rates.
good rooms if you are lucky to get the ones on first floor, overlooking the swimming pool.
i with my wife,stayed for 4 days.
as we r on marriage day celebration, hotel ppl surprised us with lovely bouquet and tasty cake.
we are very much thankful to the management for this surprise.
in our next visit also,we wish to stay here only.
a very well managed hotel.
i have stayed at the ronil beach resort in baga on a number of occasions.
the staff are always very friendly and helpful.
again an excellent stay.
the rooms are kept a high standard considering this is india, however the rooms in particular the bathrooms are now in need of refurbishment.
if you are looking for five star luxury go and stay at the taj and pay the relevant price.
brits have been coming here years, some in their eighties.
it's bang in the heart of baga.
the beach, shops, taxis, bars and restaurants are a stroll away.
the staff are utterly charming and some of them friends.
the food in the restaurant was checked out by rick stein who took away their recipes for his own restaurants.
and you won't get better goan food anywhere else.
the pools are immaculately clean and there are ample sun beds and clean towels everyday.
so what's the big moan?
a few bits that need painting, the odd cockroach, a bit of dust, noisy indians?
if these things bother you don't come to baga, in fact, don't come to india.
our room had everything needed for a long stay, fridge, tv, comfortable bed, safe, plenty of room, endless hot water from a powerful shower.
yes, the plug was hanging off the wall and there was dust round the extactor, but the air cond was great after a day frying on the beach.
i love this place to bits and i have stayed in many taj hotels in splendid isolation.
treat it like your grandmother, you might get the occasional fart but you'll love her to bits.
just returned from 3 weeks at the keys ronnil, hotel grounds are loverly and some staff too, got a room facing rubbish tip, as wed paid a lot of money for up grade was very annoyed went and got it changed dont pay for delux room its not worth it the bathroom was disgusting i wont go it to detail but i was told by reception that premier and delux rooms are the same rooms but different prices, breakfast the same everyday ur better off going to one of the beach shacks like we did, plenty of places to eat, on the whole its good location, weekends at the hotel are really noisy when the locals arrive, but sorry rooms are not up to scratch.
thrilled when 3 days goa trip was announced by my organisation.we were allotted rooms at keys ronil ,very perfectly located near famous baga beach.
its was hard to find other good things at keys after its location.rooms were ok but poorly maintained,property is good but need lot of up gradation & maintenance.
food is ok but poor service during breakfast ( big group seems difficult to manage) & lunch makes it worst.
i can praise swimming pools which are reasonably maintained & that gave us some relief.
i was once a great fan of ronils major plus point being its location and other being its service and amazing morning breakfast!
but i feel after being taken over by keys the only good thing remaining with this property is its great location!!
we have been allotted room in the last where there was view of dumps, we pay good amount acc.
to a 3-4 star hotel and i found rooms are not that fulfilled with amenities, bathroom is more simple tha.
any 2 star hotel, also to extent staff attitude is not welcoming, helpful, even they can deny or can ask us to do anything rather than offering a service, breakfast was delicious, location is good but still i would say they need to change their staff behaviour.
all staff are so helpful and can't do enough for you so remember that it's not just the waiters who deserve a tip!
staff poor in listening you.
i guess back side are more of hotel rooms rather that a resort.
u feel terrible to live.
rooms not that great.
bathroom are disaster.
food above average.
swimming pool are best.
no ample parking.
location very good.
stayed at this hotel for 1 night just to see how much north goa had changed since our last visit 20 years ago what a difference glad we were staying in the south.this hotel was a great place to stay rooms large and clean and the the staff were very friendly and helpful we had breakfast which was basic but nice.
the location of the resort is perfect, near to the most happening street of goa i.e tito lane.
the hotel has maintained there standard, have stayed here couple of years back.
the housekeeping guys and the hotel staff is very polite and prompt in the response.
from check in to check out everything was without any hurdle.
our stay was for 4 nights.
would like to add here that one afternoon ac in my room was not working and it was fixed in no time.
really appreciate the response from the hotel.
complimentary breakfast is also good, you would find lot of variety.
in all a good place to stay and enjoy time in goa.
first of all i would like to appreciate mr rajiv ( manager) of the hotel.hotel.
the location and the staff are the only to positives for this hotel.
it is a walking distance to the beach.
the rooms are cramped to say the least and the toilets are from a 1980 hotel.
the tv stuck on the wall is the smallest that i have ever seen and there is a noisy aircon that does do its job.
avoid rooms that have windows towards the road.
you will not be able to sleep.
the breakfast was basic .
1.perfect location.
2.average food.
3.wonderful resort.
4.old pattern lifts.
5.2 swimmimg pools.
6.service is very slow.
7.overall hospitality is average.
8.near to super market.
9.taxis easily available.
my partner and i stayed here for 11 nights.
we booked a pool view in advance and we were happy with the location of the room.
i normally prefer to be on a higher level but even though we were on the ground floor the balcony was raised so this wasn't an issue.
the room is one of the most basic that i have stayed in but that said it was cleaned daily, towels all changed, water bottles supplied and we had a kettle and a fridge and the room was spacious.
when i say not one of the best it was because of the paint etc.
tiling grout etc.
but we soon got over this and anyway you don't stay in your hotel room all holiday!!
the shower was good though and more powerful than i expected.
i had read lots of bad reviews about the pool.
yes it doesn't have a filter system but once again once you get over this fact and get on with it the pool was nice and refreshing and served it's purpose.
the pool guys were always using the nets to clean the pool and clean towels were always available.
we never had a problem getting a sunbed either.
i must say that the food at the hotel was excellent.
the breakfast was plentiful and enough choice to set you up for the day.
we ate lunch here a few times and also had dinner 4 nights and we could not fault the food at all and would defiantly recommend it.
i would say after fire n ice restaurant it was my next best choice to eat at and we ate at jamie's and the cherry olive which everyone raved about but i thought the hotel food was better and great value for money.
we used received vouchers for 3 of our evening meals, and then we paid for our 4th dinner and our 4 lunches that we had there.
the staff were friendly, the location was great so if you wanted peace and quiet you could just lay around the pool but if you wanted to experience the hustle and bustle of baga you just needed to walk out the front and everything was there.
also, there was a supermarket over the road which was great for getting cash out and also drinks to store in the fridge.
tito's lane was just over the road and about a 5 minute walk to the beach.
i would defiantly recommend this hotel when in baga for location and food.
nice spacious rooms and very clean , decent food and courteious staff.
the proximity to the beach being so near added to the fun mood of ours during holidays .
best location, tasty food, a nice resort for a break, beach is very near to the resort, you name it and everything is available.
most happening place of goa and i just loved it.
rooms are good.
just go and relax.
we had a great stay at the hotel.
the rooms are big spacious &nice.
the food is great and the staff is very friendly and helpful.
the property has two nice swimming pool which my daughter enjoyed very much .
avoid avoid avoid.
these people are here to loot you.
totally overpriced, and below average rooms.
the linens, the wardrobes, ambiance, everything leaves a negative impression about this hotel.
the property is managed so worse, that the maintenance is well over due for the hotel.
even after paying them 6k for a night, what you get is not even worth 1.5k.
we decided to give this hotel a try only because of the nice experience we had at keys prima, shirdi, but this hotel is not even worth a comparison with keys prima.
and to top it all, the roads in front are too dusty making the very first impression a pathetic one.
i'll never ever recommend this hotel.
and no wonder why only this hotel had a room at the time we arrived, leaving all other hotels nearby full and sold out.
though we had plan to stay for another night in goa, we didn't want to spoil it by staying here for another night, and that lead us to book the hyatt place, which was once in a life time experience.
we've just returned from holiday here.
major roadworks going on in baga everything affected by it and everything is stinking dirty.
stayed here 2 years ago was fab.
this time completely different -rooms run down and dirty lots of mossies pool area absolutely stinking also.
never again!
firstly, the rooms are shabby and infested with cockroaches since the price you pay for the rooms are not worthy.
secondly chose pool view rooms thinking we can spend time in the balcony.
to our surprise we couldn't even open the balcony door since the voice of the kitchen compressor was so nice even a sunami will be put to shame and in the night they play artificial bird calls which is so annoying.
though i have been going to this resort for the last 26 years, i have faced petty issues and since last 3 stays i had an very unpleasant stay.
so i decided to leave this note and say goodbye to the resort.
my wife and i stayed here for 10 nights via thomson holidays as a treat for my 60th birthday.
on arrival at the hotel at 5am, just as we were being handed our cases from the back of the bus the thomson rep informed us that check in was at 11am and there would be no room available until that time.
if they had made mention of that fact anywhere in the 6 months after i made the booking thomsons managed to keep it very quiet.
fortunately the efficient hotel receptionist found a room for us straight away.
it was 2 floors up at the rear of the hotel with not much of a view but after nearly 20 hours travelling was treated by us as an oasis.
the room was quite basic with 2 comfortable single beds pushed together.
there was a free electronic safety deposit box inside a wardrobe.
a walk in shower separated from the rest of the bathroom by a shower curtain.
a small flat screen tv with a couple of english speaking channels was only briefly used by us.
the room had a kettle with around 6 tea [tetley] and coffee [nescafe] , powdered milk and sugar sachets.
all were replenished daily along with fresh bedding, towels and soaps, shower gels, etc.
a balcony contained a small table and 2 chairs.
there is a small fridge and two bottles of drinking water are supplied free daily.
the cleaner, a friendly chap, did his best keeping the room spotless and he could not be faulted.
unfortunately, in our opinion what is needed is for a deeper clean of the fan, ac unit and up in the corners of the ceilings.
it is badly in need of a coat of paint just to freshen the place up.
the staff in the public areas of the hotel are all friendly, efficient and hard working.
prices for food and drink were very reasonable in our opinion.
we were handed 3 vouchers by hotel reception, each worth 1000 rupees for both of us to use for lunch or evening dinner.
all were put to use at night when we ate while listening to the [pretty awful] entertainment.
all in all the food was good with plenty of choices on offer.
the two pools really need some filtration system installed as dust and dead insects begin to take over as the day goes on.
we found the pool area to be a wee bit too hot so headed off to the beach shacks during the day and caught the sea breezes to stay cool.
there is a small supermarket and a chemists right across the [very busy] road from the hotel.
you'll be able to buy just about everything you'll need from those shops.
a bottle of local gin cost about £1.40p.
a travel adaptor an electric plug in mosquito killer, 2 large bottles of drinking water, and 2 bottles of lemonade cost about the same.
my wife suffered a slight cut to her toe and the chemist treated, bandaged it and gave her antiseptic ointment - the cost was around a pound.
rehydration salts were also very cheap there too.
the hotel is in a very busy area.
road works immediately in front of the hotel didn't help but should be completed soon.
in short, i would recommend the keys ronil.
as long as you remember which country you are in and make some small allowances you will enjoy this hotel.
we did and will probably return next year.
the location is ideal, near to the beach and restaurants in abundance.
the rooms are a little dated, sheets are a bit threadbare and wardrobe space is limited.
the hotel is clean, not spotless.
you don't have the same person cleaning your room daily, they tend to move them around -we had 4 different people cleaning our room and some were far better than others.
it also makes it difficult for tipping because you don't know when they move them.
breakfast is fine if you want to eat indian style, we stuck with cornflakes each morning.
meals in the evening cost no more than if you go outside to the restaurants and the food is good, we actually only ate in once because we found a few amazing restaurants and stuck with them.
we had a few hiccups with the safety deposit box not working - eventually sorted after the fourth time and wasting a few hours waiting around for someone to call.
it is well worth upgrading to a room overlooking the far pool as the rooms in the front are cramped and very, very noisy from the outside traffic which goes all night long.
a massive downside was that we weren't being picked up until late on the evening of leaving.
we requested to keep our room but we weren't allowed to do so until the morning of check out - if they could sell the room then they would and they do not provide any provisions for a shower, you can leave your cases near reception but it is not secure.
this did spoil the last couple of days of our holiday, not knowing if we were going to be turfed out at 11am and we even went looking for a room nearby which we could book for the day - we found one for £15 but did not need it in the end as the hotel was not full.
i have never been to any hotel where they do not provide at least a shower room and feel the hotel need to look at this.
there is free wi-fi in the hotel but found it very hit and miss but all the bars have it anyway and the service is much better.
would i stay here again - probably not.
though it is not on the beach but that would not hamper your experience as the resort is excellent.
the staff is very courteous and cooperative and overall the cleanness and upkeep of the property is good.
the location is so prime that you can move to any side with ease and use it as a landmark.
the only reason i haven't given 5 rating is because of the room they have allotted me and after my objection also the manager didn't care to look into.
otherwise i had enjoyed the property.
from the time we stepped into the resort, we had a very good experience.
we were a group of 3 girls, and had booked one room.
we reached the resort around 10:30 am, and they gave us an early check-in even though we weren't expecting it.
we were very very delighted.
the location of the resort is perfect.
it is right opposite tito's lane and you can just walk to the beach shacks in 5-10 mins.
the staff was friendly and courteous.
the housekeeping staff were a little slow in responding to a couple of our requests here and there.
breakfast was included in our stay package, and the variety was quite good.
we enjoyed the dosa and egg varieties in the live counters.
the rooms at the back look a little old, but everything is maintained well.
the only reason you should stay here is for the food they serve.keys is known for their rooms more than their food but here its the other way round.
the brekafadt spread is simply perfect for a resort hotel.
chutneys gunpowders dosa eggs bacon sausages both and south indian delicacies..you name it they have it.
food for dinner is also awesome.rooms and sleep i rate 3/5 and leisure activities in hotel is average.location is again very good and sure to cme here again only for the food.keep it up keys.c u soon.
the best part of this hotel was the location.
it is pretty close and a walkable distance to the beach.
the breakfast buffer spread is also good.
you get a good variety.
i would recommend you take a room closer to the main reception and not in the last building on the back side of the property.
you definitely get some unwanted sticking experience there.
this was our 2nd stay at keys ronil.
what brought us back was the great location, proximity to beach & food.
tito's, mambos, baga beach are just 5 min walk away.
there is a 24 hour super market right across the hotel.
hotel has great food & good hospitality.
there are lot of taxi, car & bike rental options available right outside the hotel.
the disappointing factor was wifi which never worked during our 4 day stay.
also we could hear noises coming from the adjacent room which was connected with our room thorough a door.
rooms in block i & j are bigger than rooms in front section of hotel (where we had stayed last time).
avoid taking connected rooms.
overall a nice property at an awesome location.
arrived at the keys ronil for a 2 week stay on 16th jan 2016.
once the taxi driver had found it, i was immediately put off by the hoard of men waiting outside offering taxi and bike hire.
once we were inside i realised that the pics used must have been taken a while ago, the hotel looks dated and the rooms towards the back clearly had not been renovated in a while.
our room was adequate, with a good shower in the wet room (however it did not resemble the pictures on the website at all).
the room was cleaned everyday to a satisfactory standard and we were always left 2 bottles of water.
the breakfast was the same every day but i expected that so not a problem.
apart from breakfast, we only ate in the hotel once, the food was more expensive than else where and was nothing special.
the second, smaller pool was 'cleaned' during our stay, however the day after a strange green cloud appeared from one of the vents.
it was reported to the staff who did not seem to be worried but as the did not advise what had caused it, i did not go in again... just in case.
we spent most days at the beach (oceanic café).
the food here was very good, the staff could not do enough to help you (especially raj) and the sunbeds were free.
baga beach is quiet lively and the beach was busy, we ventured down to candolim and the beach there was a lot nicer and much quieter (this will be were we will be staying next year).
there are plenty of restaurants to visit for your evening meal, i highly recommend fire and ice, the fillet steak was lovely.
in all we loved goa, the sun, the people and the beach.
the hotel was an adequate base in a central location, and although it did not totally match the pictures it was fine for the price!
the hotel has some positives, but also some very genuine concerns and those can be resolved easily if the management has right intentions.
1.
irritating housekeeping staff - we were welcomed by the noise, chatter and various sounds of housekeeping staff just outside our room.
it went on for 2 hours and we told them a couple of times.
later, we understood that the area outside our room is the gathering area for the staff.
we were in the room on 2 afternoons and both the days the story was same.
i had asked the reception to interfere and they helped us to some extent in this.
this is a very innovative way of disturbing somebody who is seeking some peace on a holiday.
2.
material warehouse in front of room - more than half of the times when we opened our room door, we were greeted by housekeeping material like towels, cleaning material, dustbins right in front of our door.
(see pic.)
now that is a pleasing sight for a traveller.
3.
room condition - the rooms are worn out.
cracks and seepage stains were visible on some of the walls.
the corners of the rooms were never cleaned.
4.
wifi fraud - we stayed for 5 nights and on the second day our wifi stopped working.
i could clearly see the error due to authentication problem but the staff insisted that there is a technical error in the wifi instrument.
after 24 hours of non connectivity, i confronted with the reception staff and told them that they cant fool us with some random justification.
then they agreed that it was an authentication problem.
they still wanted us to wait for half a day more, but when we insisted, they offered us guest logins and the net started working.
now, this kind of behaviour is very hard to digest.
why would they not want to not authenticate somebody?
does the management want only some of the "preferred" guests to use the wifi?
or the connectivity is so terrible that they cant connect everybody?
whatever is the case, discreetly disconnecting somebody and giving false reasons is a big turn off.
5.
breakfast spread - though the spread was good but it was repetitive.
all the western dishes were exactly same for all 5 days.
the chef informed that it was as per requests of international guests.
the indian dishes were also limited and 4-5 dishes were served alternatively.
the juices were canned and not fresh.
fruits offered were exactly same for all 5 days.
however, omelette counter and south indian live counter did offer good variety and taste.
1.
the location as mentioned by most of the people is very good.
all the required things are accessible at walking distance.
some road construction work outside the hotel is temporarily creating traffic problems, but that should not be a long term problem.
2.
the property is good.
well inside the road so the chaos outside does not reach till the room.
3.
the staff did serve well and they offered us a complimentary cake for our anniversary.
that too exactly at the mentioned time.
4.
the room accessories (towels etc) were clean and changed regularly.
5.
tv channels options available were better than many of the hotels.
6.
swimming pool was good and clean.
poolside breakfast/meal is a pleasure.
i was happy with many of the points about this hotel; however the instances mentioned above marred overall experience.
i believe the management with some serious attention can resolve many of the problems easily.
most of the problems require intention and not money.
stayed here for 2nights last week.
reached hotel around 12pm, manager told me my room is not ready & then offered me pool side room upgrade for 1000bucks, which i refused.
i came back after 1 hour he was like we have given u free upgrade.
don't fall into that trap.
room was nice, good pool view from room s2.
b/f was decent.
good property for family but won't suggest it totally for couples.
there's a construction going outside leads to huge traffic , so it's total chaos.
the room was clean, adequate but short on storage space for 2 people.
no problem at all with the quality and variety of food from breakfast (buffet) to evening meal we were never disappointed.
the hotel area is quiet and reasonably maintained but the large swimming pool filter did not work at all during our three week stay which meant that by the second week the pool did not seem very appealing.
the service was acceptable but it is advisable to make friends early on in your stay with a couple of the waiters to ensure a decent level of service.
the hotel bar closes at 11.00pm prompt but there are bars and restaurants close by so it was not a problem.
literally the taxi rank is outside of the hotel and would advise that you chat to a few people to get an idea of the prices (as they differ greatly) and make friends with a taxi driver and use him for all of your journeys (this cuts down on the hassle) every time you leave the hotel.
there is wifi and although the accessibility can fluctuate throughout the day, sometimes it appears you can not access it from your room but keep trying, we were the furthest away from the hotel reception but after a few attempts it was possible.
the room service was good, the beds comfortable and towels were changed daily, complimentary water is provided with tea, coffe, milk replenished daily.
all in all i had an enjoyable stay at the hotel and if the pool filter had worked i would be happy to rate it a 3 star in goa.
keys is a decent,well priced hotel located right in the heart of baga.
the rooms and service is basic but the location more than makes up for it., you can just walk right to the beach and the million pubs and restaurants there!
ideal if you are just looking for a decent place to stay!
a good clean and well maintained boutique hotel.
this is my third review of this property having stayed here twice before and reviewed my stay on ta.
happy to report that the rating stay the same - 4/5.
most of the points mentioned in my earlier reviews stay the same so i wont be repeating them.
2) the crowd management at breakfast could be improved although we stayed at the resort during a long weekend and the resort was packed.
on the positive side, the hotel offered us reasonably early check at 11 am after our early morning flight into goa.
all in all nothing to much complain about - this resort cannot be beat for the unbelievable location and value it offers and i will happily stay here again.
great location!!
we were given a pool facing room (back pool, they have two pools).
the hotel is nice, breakfast is good, though the live dosa counter had poor dosa.
but be warned hotel wifi does not work, maybe our room location ?
ronil has not changed much, since last 3 visits, still lots need doing to bathrooms, although the manager, arranged repairs, straight away, could do with new toilet seats, and walls and ceiling in bathroom re-painted.
beds so large & comfortable, always clean towels, plenty of coffee & tea, bottled water supplied, staff fantastic & helpful.lots of choice, at breakfast.
very near to beach, and restaurants.
only problem, was christmas meal, we never got to eat it, owing to my daughter, being slightly burnt, by burning debris, from fireworks, being set off, luckily not to badly, thankfully.
the thomson rep. coney ferrao.
was the best rep going, came in every day to see customers, and sorted out, with the manager.
a very, small compensation, also another couple on our table, had their hair singed, and he sorted, things out for them.
it is situated at a strategic point at the end of tito's street giving quick access to the beach.
the resort itself provides all necessary a initials for comfortable stay.
the complex is spread over many blocks and our balcony opened towards swimming pool and the restraint area.
service is prompt and polite.
our package included breakfast which is adequate but dishes are no gourmet delight.
but you can enjoy the surroundings while eating it.
there is live music programme in the evening near the pool and the whole area was nicely lit up.
enjoyed our stay.
we stayed here 4 days and were pleased.
the room was spacious and cleaned daily.
they also provide 2 big bottles of water every day.
the breakfast was really tasty and a good variety.
they also provide a scooter hire service which is the same price as on the streets but better as they don't require you to leave your passport with them.
it's central and walking distance to the beach.
very well located and very convenient for eating our, close to the beach and shopping facilities.
on check - in, perhaps due to the crowd - the staff were sullen and almost uncooperative as we had paid in advance at the time of booking the room.
the room allocated was dark, poky, dingy and allowed all the drivers and passers by to look inside the room.
we were forced to upgrade to a quieter and more private, larger room which we made extra for.
this room was nice.
the housekeeping was poor, the amenities okay, the fridge leaked across the room.
if i had a choice - i would not stay here again and would not recommend this to any business traveler or some one who is used to quality service and attention.
the keys ronil beach hotel is situated on the main road, it's in an ideal location to the beach and restaurants, the only downside is that at weekends, lots of indian visitors decend on the resort making it difficult to get out of the hotel.
we have travelled with thomas cook and thompson holidays.
they both charge the same price but with thomas cook you get vouchers that entitle you to three free meals in the hotel per week.
i commend ronil on his very good hotel.
it is an oasis of tranquillity away from the busy baga streets.
the staff are very attentive and the hotel has all the facilities one would need.
i would particularly like to thank our cleaner, venkatesh, for his diligence and friendly nature.
i also appreciated ronil's employment of a table tennis guard during the nightime to ensure that no scoundrels could sneak on and play on ronil's fine table.
overall a very enjoyable stay.
will be back.
the hotel is good though rooms are small.
staff is pretty courteous.
we stayed for christmas and it was my husband's birthday.
they arranged a nice cake cutting during the gala dinner and surprised him- a really nice gesture.
its located very near the baga beach (10 minutes walking distance).
overall a good stay.
the hotel has a very good location,it is just a 10 minute walk from the baga beach.
the rooms are pretty small but good and coz for couples.
the breakfast spread was really good- limited but has the right mix and taste since its a resort hotel and food is also delicious especially their goan and conti food.
lot of vegetarian and non vegetarian restaurants outside too incase you want to try something different.the staff is friendly and the pools are big but slightly under maintained-could have been much cleaner and better..first time stayed here and will surely return again.
best part of this stay was their food and room coziness and worst part was the pool maintenance.
i would recommend this hotel as it is very near to beach , tito's, brittos and most imp near to casino palms.
they have two pools , decent breakfast.
super market located just opp to the hotel .
we traveled on family trip in november 2014.
booked two rooms in this hotel.
rooms are not that good, overall hygiene is questionable.
mosquitoes in room are common view.
they will provide the insecticide spray when asked but that will add to smell in the room.
i was expecting them to do it before guest arrival.
pool is not that good, its simple pool without filters, not that clean.
insects and cockroach can be seen in the pool.
towels provided by hotel are looking worn of and not new.
only good part about this resort is its location.
it is on walking distance to the baga beach, mambos night club, market and many other nice restaurants.
can get taxi easily just outside the resort.
we really enjoyed our stay at this property.
despite some negative comments i can honestly say that i can find very little to complain about.
our room was of a good standard and clean, the food in the hotel was good, including breakfast!!
and the staff friendly and welcoming.
keep it up guys and will see you again soon.
stayed at this hotel at the beginning of december 2015 for 2wks.
first impression was good but arrived very early in the morning.
we checked in and was took to our room.
first impression was don't unpack i'm not staying in this room!!
i had paid extra for executive room with pool facing what i was given was far from it.
i went to reception very early at 7.30 to complain and to be moved.
i was told it was an executive room and one of the better rooms.
i have been to goa 4 times and paid a lot cheaper for my rooms and had better standard.
the receptionist did say he would try and change rooms.
i went to breakfast and on return a room was found for me that was pool side but smaller space.
this was fine and what i would have expected in the first place.
breakfast was basic but plentiful.
a choice of english and indian food.
i tried a bit of both.
excellent service from the staff they are always there to help.
pool - well the pool may be nice and big but i think they need to sort out some filtration system.
the poor pool men had a net to try and get dead flies off the surface of the pool and did a good job of trying.
but considering this hotel has 3 stars i would have expected a clean pool.
food in the hotel was nice at dinner time but found the food and drink a lot dearer than outside but i suppose it was our fault for not going out in the afternoon for food.
all i all i would stay in this hotel again.
location is the best part of this resort.
the rooms quality is not that good.
food is good, hospitality is ok.
the only and the best part of this resort is its location.
spending so much extra is not worth on the rooms they are offering.
my recommendation to all travelers to goa to must enjoy the hospitality at this resort.
rooms are exquisite and spacious and to make your experience unforgettable food team is there.
met their head chef jersy who took care of each and every food choice of my family, cuddos to the team.
my family enjoyed the vacation and siting to go back to this hotel in our upcoming trip to goa.
chef special chicken is mouthwatering and must try.
highly recommended to all food and hospitality lovers.
what are the odds of bumping into chef jerson the corporate chef twice, it was a pleasant surprise and add to the fact that he still remembers my last visit was excellent.
this time i happened to be there during the new year celebrations and the hotel didn't disappoint me.
with the super-be service and hospitality this place always stands out for me.
i thank you guys for making my stay in goa a memorable one, once again.
from the outside, this hotel is beautiful, really nice pool/restaurant area with lots of plants and it is located 5 min walk from baga beach and next to lots of market areas and shops.
the room however was not good.
the walls were dirty and need to be repainted.
under the ac unit there was serious water damage that looked like possible mold and we had to stare at it since our bed faces the ac.
the bathroom tiles need to be regrouted, it looks dirty.
i tried to spend as little as possible of time in the room.
the food was also mediocre, nothing to remember, however the breakfast buffet was nice.
the staff at the hotel appear they could care less about you, i never saw one person smile or make any effort to talk to us.
they were helpful when we asked to rent a bike, that was it.
this is a good place to stay if you are looking to be out all day on baga beach, good breakfast, and have a quick spot to go back to from the beach.
otherwise, don't expect much more.
great location in a city where there are many options to stay; however this hotel takes away the cake for its prime location and ease of access; has fairly good food & beverage options too... will definitely recommend for travelers who wish to be merry and hop on to the beach any moment...
went for new years's celebration.
food was good, deco of the hotel was very good.
service was also very good.
enjoyed the music by the pool side table with chilled beer.
overall very nicely managed.
a big thanks to all the staff of the resort for making the celebration a memorable one.
keep it up.
(1) the location is ideal as it is close to the beach and the night clubs - the party central.
(2) the rooms are pretty average with no privacy.
i had specifically asked for a room with less noise and a bit more privacy but was allocated a room in the front area on the ground floor where in the balcony at the back there is someone passing by every minute.
the room was also old and grubby.
(3) we had a package with breakfast and lunch/dinner for 4 days and they had the same menu for both for all the 4 days which was pretty boring.
(4) the christmas gala dinner was also waste of money as my partner fell sick after having the non vegetarian dishes.
(5) we had cab transfers arranged via our travel agent and instead of reminding the reception staff twice once in the morning and in the afternoon there was no cab arranged and they started looking around for it when it was time for us to leave.
it was stressful as it was the day after christmas and the traffic was crazy on roads which they should be aware about.
(5) the day trip arranged to go to south goa by ac coach was a waste of time as apart from 4 spots mentioned on the list to visit the guide took us to places not worth wasting time on and not mentioned on the list of places to visit (as we believe he got commissions from the venue owners) and in the end he took us to a place for cruise on a river which would take 2 hours of people not interested to go and then an hour to reach the hotel so we ended up taking a taxi back to the hotel.
mind you we had already done a boat trip for dolphin watching for an hour and half which was paid separately by us over there.
overall the food and rooms are pretty average so should stay there only for convenience.
we went for our christmas couples outing.
we had our own christmas plan.
paid and reserved our full moon beach party from malaysia itself.
when we checked in we were shocked and upset.
we were forced to pay rp3000 per pax for the hotel's christmas gala dinner.
we explained that we have some other plan but the management still forced us.
later we got our tour agent to speak to the management.
now the manager agreed to rp1500 per pax.
so we planned to attend the gala dinner since were force to pay then proceed to full moon beach party.
the manager was so rude and said that rp1500 not for food but to just join in the celebration.
what a surprise and insult to us.
for rp1500 we can have good dinner outside.
according to the manager we pay for their deco and ambience.
the hotel has big problem in management.location is very near to baga beach.
but the manager's attitude was very bad.
he said that we got no say in this.
just follow what he says.
the housekeeping staffs have better attitude than the manager.
we had wonderful time in goa but christmas night experience spoiled our mood.
we still paid rp1500 each of us.
(6pax) and left the hotel.
it was not fun at all and looked dull.
our full moon beach party was so fun.
well located 5 minutes from baga beach.
well maintained resort with decent rooms.
food is good but slow on service.
christmas gala dinner was a total waste of time and money.
overall a good experience staying in the resort.
the hotel has a pool, so that's a huge plus, we chilled out in the pool with beers in the evening.
the rooms were damp and smelly, and the fan wasn't working initially (required a push to start).
i guess they reserve better rooms for foreign tourists.
somewhat surprisingly they offer you a limited number of drinking-water bottles, so keep that in mind.
the wifi wasn't working with the credentials they had given us, so they asked us to use those of the neighbouring room, and we could only connect two devices at once.
this is a lovely, friendly hotel.
the staff are wonderful.
they are all genuinely friendly and will do anything to help you.
the food is superb.
breakfasts are fabulous.
chef dominic is amazing on the egg counter!
dinner is delicious.
i recommend all of the scrummy paneer dishes.
our room was lovely and spotlessly clean.
rooms are cleaned and towels changed daily.
the hotel is not 5 star, or boutique and it doesn't pretend to be, but the service you get from the lovely staff goes way beyond 5 star.
i totally recommend this hotel as a great place to stay and i would love to go back.
we had been here in august and had loved the hospitality of the staff, the location and the not to forget the food...
i had already spoken about the convenient location , the friendly staff and the amazing ambiance this place possesses....
bombay one dosent get too much of this and coming to goa one is so happy to gauge on this and to have this like heaven.
wow , goan delicacies are really good and this one takes the cake ....the way it was presented hats off to the chef for making it special and full of flavours.
the spice and the tangyness was the winner in this and made us order one more time.
this was something which we dont have but on the recommendation of the staff we went for it and were delighted to have had it...awesome stuff...
the deserts too were quite good and the food makes its special along with staff to have a memorable experience here other than the location.
definitely a recommendation to my friends to come here for sure for the food and the location.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
staff seems so well trained with customer relations.
very courteous and always happy to help.
5.
1.
suggession: night time ambience is not very lively.
this is the second time i am visiting this place .
other people may visit here for location but my staying reason here is always the food.
the food is very tasty and the breakfast spread is just awesome .
love the warmth of the place will surely recommend .
arrived approx 11am hot sweaty tired, no greeting, no cold drink.signed in.
your room will be ready after 1pm .
no provision or care or drink , just come back after 1pm.
rooms ok nothing special in fact quite dirty in some respects.
breakfast never varied in three weeks, but a good enough selection to cater for most people,most of the dishes of indian origin, this is mainly a indian guest hotel , not european.
if you like eggs your ok.
restaurant, food patchy from nice to inedible, traditional fish and chips does not come with a layer of chilli powder between the fish and the bread crumbs, (prepacked frozen indian fish portions ) i think it depends on whos preparing your food,as the same dishes can vary in quality,.
waiters try very hard but odd ones seem to have a two second memory span.
the restaurant is empty at night has the indian visitors dont spend any money if possible.
they buy food from outside (lot cheaper) and eat it in there rooms (against hotel rules) swimming pool, the main pool is a health hazard theres a dead insect soup like film on the top of the pool all the time.
the pool guys try so hard to keep it clean but there no proper run off or filter system, its a very old pool that needs retiling and a proper filter system installing, but greedy owners wont spend any money has the indian visitors dont no any better or dont care.
screaming indians up and down the stairs some nights, most are very arrogant and ignorant ..
the gardeners, room boys, pool boys and waiters try very hard but the management seem indifferent.
as you will realise from the arrival greeting we received.
never saw a thompson rep in 3 weeks.wifi useless, not worth the money should be priced in the 1-2 star indian hotel bracket, this is not the ronil standard of old dont be fooled.
i stayed in this hotel a few days back for 2 nights along with my family - wife and 2 grown up kids (12 and 16).
this is a premium hotel, upwards of 5000/night and has the facilities to show for it.
there are 2 swimming pools which u can avail of with the restaurant next to one of the pools.
so u can have ur breakfast, lunch or dinner on the pool-side, if u so choose.
the staff is very friendly and helpful.
i got a pleasant surprise when they upgraded my room from a double to a jr. suite themselves.
i am not sure if it was availability issue or their own gesture, but it resulted in me getting a very nice place for my stay.
the jr. suite consisted of 2 rooms joined to each other - one with a double bed serving as the master bedroom and the other with 2 single beds.
this was just perfect for me with 2 grown-up kids.
and there is a separate tv in each room, though the bathroom is hared by the 2 rooms.
this hotel is very close to the baga beach which u can reach in 5 min walking.and there are plenty of restaurants to choose from around this hotel, if u choose to eat outside, considering the restaurant prices in the hotel.
the hotel also has a tie-up with local taxi operators who are just parked outside.
at an exorbitant price, they will take u wherever u want to go at the time of ur choosing.
unlike ginger hotel in panaji (and i guess elsewhere too), they have facilities like baggage carriers who will take your luggage to your room.
they also have an internal maintenance team who can be called upon to fix minor things like electricity etc.. should there be a problem.
there is also a small lounge bar close to the lobby where u can sit with ur drink if u want to.
all in all, a very good place to stay, if u are willing too pay for it.
i booked the hotel long back keeping in view my desire to be in striking distance of best of goa and thankfully it turned out to be right decision.
the resort is stone's through distance from happening baga beach, clubs tito's and mambo's.
the streets around are bustling till mid night as if it is only evening.
right at gate you get taxis/bikes on rent, super markets for wine / other items are in close vicinity and the resort is 5- 10 min distance from famous calangute beach.
the draw back seems to be the attitude of staff which appears to be laid back.
also the house keeping staff used to sit out side our room and we used to get disturbed a lot.
finally i had to put it in notice of reception.
good property awesome location walking steps to tito's and other club.rooms are good staff are cooperative.two big swimming pool indoor games area good option in breakfast menu.a good place to stay in baga beach.
good hotel set back from all the hustle and bustle, whilst in a good location.
breakfast was good only stayed bnb which i think as you need in india.
though we did eat in hotel a few evenings as was really nice to better than most other hotels we have stayed in india.
rooms were quite small so we upgraded to 1 above restaurant for our second week they are much bigger though at a cost.
best thing about this hotel is its location:- next to tito's lane.
party lovers can imagine the rest.
the rooms are comfortable but mediocre type, not too luxurious.
the food is just above average.
the worst thing about this hotel is its staff they are not even bothered about customers.
ronils is on the main baga/calungute road but set back and the rooms set back even further.
i really didn't get disturbed by the noise of the main road, so i suppose some people would say it's in the perfect location for the shops and beach ( 7/8 mins walk ).
the hotel is very clean and not oversized and the restaurant very good.
we had some thomson restaurant vouchers that you get when booking but after tasting the food i would have very happily paid and we did.
it's also in the perfect spot for most of the top restaurants (kudos is over the road, jamie's, east meets west, relish , go with the flow and many more all within easy walk of the hotel.
i like to try different hotels but i will probably go back to key ronil resort .
wifi is now free...
stayed with my friends.
it was a awesome stay.
brilliant food.
superb swimming pool.
rooms are spacious and well maintained.
price wise it was good.
over all we all enjoyed our trip to goa.
it was a lovely place to stay on your holiday trip, good food, nice rooms & friendly staff the location is good, i had spend 3 nights in this place and enjoyed every bit of time.. my family and friends had a good time.. i would certainly recommend this resort to all my friends and my next visit to goa to the same place.
i have stayed at this resort 2 times..
the staff is very friendly with every guests..
the rooms are cozy enough and clean..
the washrooms are neat..
the house keeping service is very fast..
the resort has 2 beautiful swimming pools..
there are beautiful and relaxing chairs to lie down besides the pool after taking a plunge..
the staff is very couple-friendly..
we checked in to ronil's last week only (december 5-9), and we must say that we had such a great time in the hotel, be it facility, ambiance, food, service etc.. though our room was lil small as we were travelling with kid, he got a very little space to move around in the room, apart from that we had a mini refrigerator which was very useful to keep milk for the baby, bed also was very good in terms of soft and comfortable.
bed sheets were clean and neat as it was my prime concern since i was travelling with a kid and i wanted it to be hygienic.
toilet was also clean and had hot and cold water throughout which was again a good thing and much needed.
hotel has 2 big swimming pool as one of the basic facility, the entire hotel area was very clean and well maintained.
my son really enjoyed in the pool and breakfast was also good, they serve idli, dosa, medu wada, upma, poha, eggs, omelettes, uttapam, baked beans , juices, breads, fruits etc.. the only thing is sambar and chatni was not good in taste as it was blend and with less salt.
we indians had a habit of having a spicy food because of which we do not like too blend food specially sambhar and chatni, i also understand that it was made keeping foreigners in mind as they do not eat very spicy food.
hotel restaurant is also good and has a beautiful sitting area, staff is also very cooperative and helpful, very obedient.
all the hotel staff were very polite and friendly.
during evening they organise a live song / music kind of a thing where they call artist to play / sing english songs to entertain guest every evening.
this hotel is situated right in front of the titos and mambo's lane and very much close to the bagha beach, the beach is hardly 5 min away from the hotel.
this hotel is located in the heart of the bagha and close to calangute beach.
other local excursions are also nearby from the hotel for eg.
arpora, agouda fort, anjuna beach, candolim, sinquerrium beach etc.. are on the 15-20 km distance apprx.
overall my stay was good had happy, as it was a complete family holiday and my son's first goa trip, which made some meaning.
me & my fiancee stayed at keys ronil resort from 1st dec- 4th december.
we checked in at 1:00 in the night (due to flight delay) and guess what we were offered an upgrade.
the reception personnel were very helpful in advising us on what to do.
breakfast was good, with fresh fruits and juices, fried eggs, different varieties of omelettes, dosas and everything you would want for breakfast.
the resort is located a stone throws away the popular and overhyped tito's lane which is a good thing for tourists visiting north goa for the first time.
there's a taxi stand just outside the hotel, where you can rent a card & hire a taxi.
it is pretty pricey because of the location of the resort.
btw this was our 3rd time in goa so we already knew most of the places.
the baga beach is 5-7 minutes walk.
the resort houses 2 swimming pools which are clean and well maintained with constant attendants.
our room was spacious, clean, tidy, well kept and had a bathtub in it offering garden view.
the best thing about the resort is all rooms have balconies so if you want to smoke a ciggy or want a balcony room just for the sake of it chances are higher you will get one however my advise would be to go for pool view rooms.
not for a single time we had to ask the housekeeping staff to clean our room, provide mineral water bottles, fresh towels and change the toiletries.
all this was done on a daily basis and you don't have to worry about the housekeeping staff ringing your doorbell and pestering you early in the morning because they don't do that unlike in other hotels.
the staff was humble, polite and courteous.
you can have a candlelit dinner at the inhouse restaurant with poolview and you won't have to burn a hole in your pocket and will get above average food which will be properly served by the restaurant servers keeping in mind which cutlery will go with which dish unlike other restaurants in calangute, candolim, baga, anjuna where they don't have an idea about cutlery and restaurant etiquette.
you will find a 24 hour open supermarket shop just opposite the resort and 24 hour open pharmacy.
all in all it was a pleasant stay at the ronil keys resort and we are pretty pleased and impressed with the staff and other facilities that they offer.
can't be expressed in words.
totally wonderful.
room was pool facing.
really nice.
all the staff were extremely courteous and wow.
amazing service and location but most of all just amazing staff.
loved them.
we stayed here from the 17th november 2015 - 1st december 2015.
booked an executive room at a large extra cost.
we were travelling with my elderly mother who booked a seperate room.
we only booked this hotel as they do not charge a single person supplement.
check in was quick and we were taken straight to our rooms.
we were in v block at the back facing the pool.
we were not in the least bit impressed with our room.
twin beds and very small with poor quality furniture & fittings, not what we expected for the extra £200 we paid.
we spent the night in the room as the night porter said nothing could be arranged at that time .
the following morning we approached reception who informed us all the room were roughly the same size and the best they could offer was a room with a double bed.
so if your thinking of staying in this hotel don't bother with the upgrade just ask for a quite room at the back.
the rooms were in desperate need of updating and this was happening whilst we were staying here.
my mother was in b block which is some distance from v block and not ideal.
so you will need to pre-book rooms together.
breakfast was adequate for a buffet, and the timing was good 7-10.30.
the lunch ok but we never tried dinner.
don't bother trying to get a drink at the bar if the football is on!!!!
the hotel has two pools of a good standard but the indians swim in them in their clothes so i don't know how clean they are.
they have lots of children in tow so if you are looking for a quiet place in baga then don't book here.
we had mulitple issues with our safe and had maintenance in our room every day.
the fridge froze anything your put into it but the tv had a good selection of channels.
we were not able to keep a room on at the end of our stay (not expecting pick up until 9pm & check out at 11am,)even thought we knew the hotel had spare rooms.
one couple we spoke to were told they couldn't keep the room they were in as the hotel was fully booked but decorating work started in their room soon after they checked out.
when they questioned management they were informed that the work should not have been started and someone would come and talk to them.
this never happened.
customer satisfaction not a priority for this hotel.
many people we spoke to had been stating at this hotel for many years but none were going back next year!
this gives you some clue as to how far their standards have fallen..
location of the hotel is very central but the road is being worked on this is the 3rd year the road is being fixed so very messy and hard to get around.
dust a major issue.
we would not reccomend this hotel to anyone!!!!
we selected this place for our honeymoon trip ,and it turned out to be the best.
great rooms,2 great pools,great food and the list continues.a big thanks to mr thapa (general manager) for a great hospitality.
the hotel property was well maintain, every thing was clean, neat and tidy, both the swimming pools were well maintain with constant attendants.
the rooms were specious with nice clean toilet.
the staff was humble , polite and caring.
the view form the room was great , they provide nice seat out in the balcony.
the food quality in the restaurant was great and the test was excellent with proper presentation.
must order goan delicacy bebinca cake for the dessert.
if anybody want to do the sight seeing in goa call the driver ( shivanand - +919822987556 ) over all the experience was great .
visited keys from 25 to 28 november.. 5 mins walk from baga beach..
the property is big and clean... has 2 swimming pools which adds to the charm.
rooms are spacious & well maintained.
but the property is getting old and getting due for renovation.
my plan included breakfast... breakfast was kind of disappointment ...
everyday same options and not so great...
rooms on 1 st & 2 nd floor gives u privacy.
the moment i entered the hotel, i was amazed by looking at the entrance, pool.
rooms were well maintained, clean and service was excellent.
the major hightlight of the stay was complimentary breakfast, in my whole life i will never forget the breakfast items.
truly amazing and delicious.
recently i went to kochi keys hotel and i can now surely say that keys group hotels are my first preference.
thank you for the memories.
stayed at this hotel two years back.the hotel is well located near the happening area of baga,hence lively.the breakfast and the attitude was not hospitable,the rooms are good for what the charge, but if you ask for anything they take too long it's better to go opposite the hotel and grab a bite at the numerous food joints.they 2 pools which were good and relaxing.
i stayed in the keys hotel in november 2015 and generally the hotel is ok, it's a bit neglected and is in need of a face lift.
but by far the biggest concern is the condition of the main pool, there seems to be a reluctance to turn on the filter system resulting in a cloudy pool.
the small pool is much cleaner.
the staff are friendly and helpful, and its location is ideal for the beach.
i did find some of the other guests (indian) very noisy and inconsiderate.
in 14 nights i had just one undisturbed by parties and goby people.
i visited this resort last week with family and the experience was too good.
- the location is awesome.
it is close to the market and there are lots of restaurants around.
- check-in and check-out are smooth and the staff is very courteous.
- there are two swimming pools and it was fun to swim-n-relax.
- the rooms (that we got) were spacious with attached balcony (with the view of swimming pool) and washrooms were clean as well.
- for recreation, they have tt table as well and it was fun to play tt after a long time.
- baga beach is around half-kilometer away and it is a comfortable walk.
- tito's lane is nearby and enjoying a stroll after dinner feels good.
- ccd is close by in case you would like to try chocolate-brownie with vanilla ice-cream after dinner.
- all-in-all a very amazing stay.
- the car parking space is not enough.
if you will park your card near the entrance gate, the bird droppings will change the color of your card next day.
average hotel right at the top of tito's lane in the heart of baga.
standard rooms are of a decent size with a large wet room type shower.
bed was comfortable.
two lovely pools.
staff were very helpful and friendly.
breakfast was ok, very busy due to many local tourists for diwali but the staff did their best to keep the food topped up.
we booked this property in the month of june for a great deal in groupon.
since monsoons had already started when we visited, we didnt feel the heat much.
no doubt, the property is at an amazing location and feels like mini florida.
it's a very happening place and you'll enjoy if you are a young bunch of people travelling(far better than staying in south goa).
the tito's lane is always busy with some mouthwatering biryani sellers on the road side (guess some are from pakistan), dominoes etc if you dont want to have the expensive hotel food.
the breakfast buffet spread by the pool side is lavish and good.
beautifully maintained pool and nice live music on a few days by the pool.
there is a 24 hour store and taxis right outside the property, therefore its a great location if you choose not to eat at the hotel as many options around.
baga beach is 10 min walk and about 10-15 min is calangute.
important to choose rooms with good view.
we had to backside view, not very exciting but lots to explore around.
room cleanliness can be better though the service was prompt.
a mini refrigerator is really helpful.
room size a little small for an extra bed, specifically a toddler since it occupies most of the space then.
i agree with sunil.
we are here now and can honestly say their cleanliness of rooms certainly leave a lot to be desired.
i aim to give a full honest comprehensive report when we return home but felt i had to let everyone know that we have had problems with cleaners they give a quick cats lick n change towels daily.
supposed to change bed every 2 days and do now bit didnt for first 4 days we here.
u no pay me.
( had tipped a little prefering to see what service like first) didnt help anyway.
now they can wait.
for goa in the season this hotel provides a great choice.
we spent 3 nights as part of a school reunion (40 people after 40 years) and have to say that we were very well cared for by the staff.
mr austin the manager is a soft spoken, efficient man who will go out of his way to accommodate you if he can.
ask for rooms to the rear of the property, g & i category are the best because they are away from the main building and open on to a smaller and more private pool.
the rooms are large (rs 6500) with rs 500 for an additional person, and comes with the usual complimentary breakfast, which is a mix of indian and continental.
there is a live dj and karaoke in the evening but only upto 10.30 when the party is just warming up.
many bars/dancing/food options barely a stone's throw away.
the beach is about a 20 minutes walk away.
plenty of cabs and autos.
also shops for drinks, medicines etc.
we used a conference room, adequate for about 100 people but nothing very special.
highly recommended for families with children.
we stayed there for 3 nights.
the rooms are decent, well maintained.
the pool at the hotel was good.
they have 2 pools, but we used only 1.
breakfast buffet was good.
location of the resort is excellent, just outside tito's lane on baga beach road.
hiring a bike or car is very easy, just outside the hotel.
plenty of restaurants in walking distance.
overall a comfortable stay & priced alright too.
stayed there with my fiancee during our 15 days-10 cities vacation and this was the worst hotel we stayed at.
1.
rooms we very unclean, bed-sheet and pillows were dirty.
worst part was bugs in balcony and bathroom.
nobody would expect, and accept, spiders in bathroom.
2.
wait, there's more to add.
i can't imagine a hotel staff being this rude to their guests.
they have two pools, and one guy at each pool handing out (checking out after writing their room numbers) pool towels to guests.
first of all i had to oscillate twice between both pools as both of them 'ran out of pool towels' with just 15-16 guests in pool.
i saw huge pile of clean and folded towels in their towel room.
upon confronting they gave me two pool towels.
after coming out of pool i wrapped myself in towel and was going to my room, when this towel guy shouts- "aye, kidhar le ke jaa raha hai towel".
do you expect a hotel staff to speak like this with guests?
and why would someone steal a towel, that too when his room number and towels are written in their notebook when they check it out?
3.
even the baggage assistance guys were extremely rude.
food was pathetic.
they have high mast lights in center, due to which there were lots of dead moths in my balcony every morning.
4.
mini refrigerator in my room was empty, when i asked reason they said that first its there to keep drinks which i've already bought from them!!
really??
5.
i had wifi issues, which they were unable to resolve for two days.
finally, the day i was supposed to check out- they say that they mistakenly misspelled my name in username and couldn't figure it out for the previous two days.
only advantage they have is the proximity to baga beach and tito's lane.
stay at keys only if you want to ruin your vacation.
i went with my family in the month of october.
the hotel was very good and the ambiance of the hotel is also good, plus location.
the services and staff were good.
breakfast is also good and had one time dinner at the hotel but too expensive comparing to food limitations and quality.
this hotel has the best location in baga.friendly staff,excellent breakfast and super clean rooms.the menu for breakfast keeps changing everyday with ample of choices for veg and nonveg guests.
the pools( they have 2) was my son's fav hangout place while we stayed there.the general manager mr.rajeev personally met us and ensured that we were well looked after.the property is very well maintained and most importantly,we felt very safe here as we saw security guards 24/7.the beach is a 5minwalk away from the hotel.i will surely stay here in the future too.highly recommended.
had gone there for wife's birthday .
we were 3 cpls.
had informed them its my wife's birthday needed to surprise her arrange for beer n cake at arrival ll pay u .
when asked at front desk manager says no info was gven to us.
they say hotel is of diff plp n is managed by some other.
don't know what was happening.
we were nt gven near by rooms although we had mailed the same during booking.
room service pathetic.
front desk & staff r rude.
they hve 2 pools.
one was closed.
breakfast was avg to good.
had lunch once .
food was good not bad.
won't recommend to any1 pls try some other hotels not even a 3 star .service wld be bttr in 2 star hotel .
i wasn't that impressed with the quality or the rooms of this location.
our room had a long screw for a faucet handle, used soaps and conditioners, fungus on the walls, the ac didn't even work.
the hotel staff finally did accommodate us but only until we told them we would leave.
the only thing decent was the location and hotel restaurant.
i can't say i would recommend this hotel to anyone.
location is good, calanguate and baga beach are just walkable.
i stayed on v09 room by the side of pool.
need to improve on the ac, as it does not cool below 25 degree.
also electricity keeps going off, but comes back up withing 3 minutes.
can make the reception area look better.
wifi was the worst and it was fight to hang on it.
location, service, food, staff all were very good.
just in front of tito's lane, approx half a km from baga beach.
room service, food quality, staff all were very good.
happy to be stayed this resort.
cozy resort - pool is not too big but spacious enough.
rooms are clean and staff is friendly.
rooms are not too big.
they definitely need to improve on the breakfast quality - did not seem too appetising.
some variety would be good too.
room service food was good but unfortunately do not have options for in room dining post 10:30pm.
just an average hotel, do not expect anything more than what you are paying for.
breakfast was included and it was boring as hell will cold maida paratha and same vegetarian feast everyday, only grace saver was live counters for dosa and omlette counter.
resort is nice ,rooms were cleaned promptly, there was no cabinet.
location is superb it is located close enough to the beach.
had to wait over 10 minutes at reception without any acknowledgment both at check in and checkout time which was really bad experience.
the best thing about this hotel is that it is very close to the beach.
just walking distance from the beach.
the second best part is it is right opposite titos lane.
the rooms are good and its a great place to stay.
the food served here is nice.
i chose this hotel for its close proximity from bagha beach (around 300 mts) .
if one happens to be party goers then this is the heaven.
it is next to tito's lane .
hotel has 2 pool s and a well maintained lawn.
like any standard hotel breakfast buffet is mix of continental , north and south indian dishes.
there is lot of menu to choose from.
food is great.
rooms range from great to average.
service can be dodgy and occasionally impolite but their general manager rajeev thapa is there to fix it.
a few minutes to baga beach.
this hotel remains a favourite.
we are visiting this hotel for 3rd time, last year we had a room with bath, through the agents, but it was top floor, which is no good for us oldies, but the manager, moved us next day to v block, pool facing, for which we paid the extra price.
what a wonderful stay we had, hoping to pay extra to do it again, this visit.
the staff are very friendly, treat them with respect, and they will treat you well.
also breakfast is very good, and evening meals, when taken, were always done to your liking!
cant wait to return.
so if you want to be close to baga this is a good option to stay.
we booked through make my trip and it was a nightmare.
we landed on 2nd october in the morning which is a national holiday only to find out that one of our rooms were not cancelled and was still charged to us.
we called make my trip and the useless fellows they are could not resolve our issue for 5 hours; which means we were stuck there and could not checkin.
the hotel management were trying their best to be helpful but there is only so much they can do.
that was for makemytrip.com.
so if you are planning to stay here do not book through this site.
coming to the hotel.
1.
good place to stay if you want to be in baga.
2.
management was quite helpful and courteous.
3.
pool was decent.
4.
breakfast was average.
1.
well, its a good hotel but definitely not a resort.
2.
the rooms were ok.
ours was facing the road so the noise from the streets doesnt let you sleep.
3.
there was no all out in the room and there were mosquitoes.
4.
they do not give you spare towels its a beach for heavens sake, it is possible that you might need more than one towel.
this was my first stay at this place on my 7th visit to goa.
the check in was smooth.
the rooms were small, but efficient.
the bed was good, the sleep quality was good.
the washroom had some kind of unpleasant smell in all of our three nights stay.
the location is awesome.
the breakfast buffet was excellent.
the service was good.
the housekeeping people were proactive.
highly recommended!
perfect beautiful hotel for family.
located near center place,courteous staff, helpful management, worth for money.
2 min walking distance form baga beach,the rooms are clean,buffet was excellent,good collection of buffet.
great location advantage of 2 min walking distance from baga beach and mambos.
they have 2 pools, they gave me a pool facing room.
the buffet spread is nice, especially the live counters but it would be nice if they add muffins/cake to it.
the rooms are clean but are ageing and the property needs to be revamped to make it look more trendy.
we went to goa in september with out 3 year old son and reached hotel late at night around 10.30.
my child was half asleep and he wanted milk.
as soon as i reached the hotel i requested them to send a glass of milk and was refused.
my stay at the hotel started on a unpleasant note.
when we booked a premium room it showed a bath tub and the room looked nicer in picture...when we reached there we saw there was no bathtub and also before checking in the hotel i specifically made a call at the hotel reception to allocate us a room on higher floor but on reaching we were given a room on ground floor and the reception staff and the hotel manager was very rude.
they did not try to accomodate any of the requests.
at the time of checkout...we requested them to allow us a late check out and again we were refused...so overall an unpleasant stay for us!!
we had stayed here in the 3rd week of september 2015 for 4 nights.
best feature about this facility is that it is strategically located near baga and calangute beaches in goa.
also, breakfast is from 7:30am - 10:30am and it comprises of a live counter for eggs (mouthwatering masala omelettes), and a live dosa counter along with other options for veg and non-veg.. ensuring a sumptuous breakfast.
room quality is good.
there are 2 swimming pools as well.
all in all, a value for money experience for sure.
a good hotel with amazing location.. right at the center of the city.. walking distance from baga beach.. take rooms with front pool view.. breakfast coverage is nice but meals can be avoided..
they have a second pool in the resort but its better to avoid the rooms facing that as all the activities takes place in front side only.
keys resort is situated very close to baga beach, infact on a walking distance from the hotel.. hotel staff are welcoming enough.. pool facing view from the room makes it even more during night time.
shoppers can have easy access to so many nearby shops offering local stuff, tatoo making, accesories etc etc..
undoubtedly made our trip very satisfying.
great value for money, some what clean rooms however major mosquito problems.
we had to go to the medical store to buy all out mosquito repellent.
after we plugged that in, all the mosquito's were gone.
which of course made our stay better.
very basic rooms, good quality beds, pillows etc.
centrally located and easy to get to places from here.
la calypso casino is a 5 min bike ride (they do have live roulette tables).
the buffet breakfast was very good, well i only speak for the omelette station - amazing omelettes.
my husband being veg wasn't over impressed with the food quality.
however variety was good.
location: a 5 minutes walk to reach the baga beach, which is the best part about it.
we went to the beach when we wanted.
in the early morning at 6 am, in the evening at 8 pm.
just walk across the street for about 500 metres, and there you get the sea.
i don't think there are any better possible location at the price and service.
rooms and service: the rooms were great, had all required amenities.
there are two types of rooms - one with the pool facing, and the others non-pool facing.
the room service was really helpful.
we got a iron, iron table, and all other stuff as and when required.
they even provided us umbrellas to move inside the resort, as it was raining heavily.
the resort arranges for the two-wheelers, cabs as well as organizes conducted tours.
restaurant: a great restaurant cum bar is definitely a big positive.
we ate all the special goan dishes there - xacuti, vindaloo and bebinka.
i still remember the taste of those dishes.
drawback: there are two small swimming pools, however, you need to have proper swimming costume to get into the pool.
we had one of the our best holiday experience in the resort ronil.
great hotel.very comfortable & big rooms, good service, food menu can be a little more elaborate sopcially for vegetarians but the pool side restaurant with live music compensates for it.the best part is that its at a walkable distance from baga beach.had a lovely time.
this is a nice hotel very near the baga beach.
the rooms size is small and cozy with all the amenities.
rooms are in duplex structure, so it is better to have a top room to get a good view.
it has a nice clean pool in the centre and the rooms surround it.
the restaurant where the breakfast is served is nice and airy and the bf spread is good.
the bar which is at the entrance is slightly stuffy and needs some fans to have a pleasant sitting.
the resort is located in the hub of north goa, which is baga.
the beach, market,restaurants, night clubs and spas all at the walking distance.
my hubby and i went to goa for the first time after marriage.
we totally loved the place.
rooms are roomy ;) and clean.
the service is also good (thank god it waa_ not bad ).
the best part of the resort is the big clean swimming pool in the centre.
it has another smaller pool in the backyard as well.
the only think i felt which needed a change was their breakfast buffet.
overall a good and decent place to stay at.
families, couples, groups of youngsters and oldies all can stay there with zero hesitation.
have a happy stay readers :) ting!
i have visited the keys resort ronil twice now and had a great time on both occasions the staff remembered me and my friends and did everything they could to make our stay a great one.
thank you management (duty manager) for extending us late check even after having full occupancy all the time and as required due to infant travelling with us.
being from hotel industry i felt staff and management had full focus in terms of providing clean rooms, excellent variety breakfast all days and staff ensuring all needs of the guests fullfilled with care and attention.
i would suggest people looking for happening location to go for property with near by supermarket and bang opposite tito's lane.
even being in off season property had full occupancy, which is a trade mark for good properties.
good beaches like calangute, anjuna, vegator and good food joints are easy to reach while staying in this property.
go for it.
the staff at the reception need to be more professional.every thing else from room service staff to location is very good.the sleep quality can be improved as the room door is closed in a very hard way which will disturb the sleep of other guest.overall experience was good and worth the money.
the hotel is located bang opposite the tito's lane and a supermarket which makes the location awesome.
you can wander late at night..get drunk like fish and party without the worry of driving back to the hotel.
the executive rooms are nice and face the bigger pool on the front.
the rooms were big and clean..there were ants coming in when children littered bread but hotel folks were quick in shoving them away.
the pool is nice.
the food was really good.
the hotel played live music every eveinigng which makes the place very lively.
the service was slow though for food.
their fish fingers were really good.
overall a good stay.
we stayed here for 7 nights.
stayed here for 03 nts in the first week of sept' 15.
there are plenty of options of restaurants (pure veg as well), wide variety of bikes / cars for hire, (right outside the hotel), a 24 hr medical store (just opposite to the hotel), clubs etc.
the hotel staff was quite courteous and helpful throughout our stay.
room was clean enough but the wifi signal was pathetic, couldn't even connect once in the room.
one of the major plus point of the hotel was that it has 02 swimming pools which is quite rear in a budget category property.
overall we had a good time here and i recommend people to stay here if they are looking for a decent budget category hotel.
we visited goa in the off season, that too in the middle of the week and expected to find most resorts in goa relatively empty.
on the contrary, as soon as we entered the hotel we were greeted by a lobby full of a huge party of guests checking in.
off season or not, it seems keys is always fully booked and rightly so.
throughout our stay in the hotel, the staff at the reception and elsewhere were very welcoming and helpful.
we'd gotten a decent deal on the hotel (7.6k for 4nights) and didn't have high hopes for our room.
but the room in keys really did exceed all our expectations.
very spacious with a nice balcony, a beautiful and comfortable bed, nice closet with safe and a very well appointed and clean bathroom.
the room service was prompt and the food was good.
the complimentary breakfast was out fav part of the day with a huge spread and top notch food.
the hotel is very centrally located and the beach is just a 2min walk away.
same for the restaurants and big clubs in this area; titos, mambo etc.
a nice shopping area close by to explore.
the hotel offers a large number of bikes on rent as well as cars.
we hired a bike and found it in good shape and well maintained.
overall we had a great time at keys.
and we'd love to stay with them again some time soon.
we stayed at keys ronil resort for 3 nights...
location: the hotel is very nicely located near baga beach and there are nice restaurants, stores, bikes for hire, taxi stand (just outside hotel), medical store (just opposite to hotel), clubs etc.
baga is quite far (45 km) from madgaon railway station.
rooms: room was clean.
the wifi connection in room i stayed was weak and hardly reachable.
food: the complimentary breakfast was very good with many (veg/non-veg) options.
we had a very good time here and i highly recommend to stay at this hotel.
great location in baga, at entrance of titos lane, good parking place, lots of bike rentals n car rentals outside - so v comfortable to travel around on hired transport.
beach is about 200 metres walk, restaurants all around outside hotel.
clean hotel, well maintained pools, good rooms, ok breakfast spread - not much variety, decent service, free wi-fi.
more of a family kind of place.
we would stay here again.
this hotel is right in the middle of the hustle and bustle of baga.
there are lots of taxi drivers outside that approach you each time you leave the hotel.
the rooms are basic to us but luxury in india.
they charge a small fortune for wifi.
the bars around all have free wifi.
you get lunch vouchers.
they allow you to so many free meals in the hotel.
we saved these up and went to clear our bill on checkout and they wouldn't accept them.
you have to use them when you have your meal.
the breakfast is good.
lots to choose from.
the bar closes at 11pm.
the pool is lovely and kept clean.
staff will make sure you are in the sun or not if you wish.
the cleaning staff were great.
making sure we had water each day ect.
i didn't like the resort as it was too busy.
it is party central and i wanted peace and quiet.
the beach shacks offer free wifi and decent drinks.
all offer food.
i made a grave mistake of having shark at one of them.
salmonella followed!!!!
i have since been told not to eat fish there unless you have chosen it off the fisherman that morning.
don't be taken in by the men if you are females only.
you can buy diamonds really cheap.
we did some research and found a jewellers called shamrocks.
he was recommended by an english jeweller in our hotel.
baga wasn't my cup of tea but south goa would have been.
the location of this hotel was unbeatable but after that it began to let us down, the website pictures don't portray how run down its become, its a shame because whilst breakfast and the pool area has the resort feel they are aiming for but the rest of the hotel is letting it down.
the staff at reception were also not particularly helpful during our stay!
i took a 4 night stay and believe me it was worth.
buffet breakfast is so yummy and everyday theres a different menu.
its just 200 meters away from baga beach parking is available in the hotel.
rooms are comfortable.
you may enjoy sitting the pool soaking the sun.
it was really a nice hotel with good spacious rooms.breakfast was also good but menu was same on all 3days.
hotel has a mid size swimming pool but there was no entertainment in the hotel.although the hotel was full but u dont peoples in swimming or garden area.
location is nice & close to baga beach & tittos lane.
2 & 4 wheelers r available just outside the hotel, overall a nice & budget hotel.
i recently visited this hotel on 24th aug'15 fr 2 days stay so just want to summarize in short -1st impression is too good 1ce u enter the hotel but rooms shud b well maintained as other parts of the hotel and staff should be friendly at the reception as the time of check out they kept on calling us continuously after every 5-10 mins with a rude behavior which was very irritating as i think 1 hour delay during check out is a normal thing..n dey also told us v'l charge u extra for the same but anyhow we din't paid for it.
so jst want to advice the hotel that most importantly ppl at reception shud b friendly to their guest.
a vast resort as compared to all other hotels near the beach.
the resort is large and quite open.
however the rooms could have been maintained in a much better way.
the doors, almirah and furnishings seem to be of a cheap quality.
also the a/c was leaking.
they need to improve the breakfast by leaps and bounds.
having limited spread is not an issue, but the taste can be worked upon.
most of the dishes were insipid.
a slight focus on maintenance and cleanliness can make this resort great.
it's a very nice hotel which is located very near to baga beach and casino palms.
food here is amazing.
a big resort.
it has 2 swimming pools.
7 feet is the maximum depth of the pool.
staff is very cooperative.
free wifi is little slow compared to other hotels.
hospitality is good.
had a amazing experience in the resort......stayed here for 4 days......good service.....pool is always clean.....al staff are v polite.....over all v good and safe resort for couple....
thank you trip adviser..read all the reviews and then selected the resort.
we booked three room there.
room on 1st floor.
spacious and clean room.
breakfast spread was very good.
location of hotel is superb .
baga beach is just walking distance .
parking space is also available .
in front of hotel 24/7 convention store is there where you can buy your essential any time.
behaviour of staff was good except one.
i will like to stay in this hotel again.
since we travel a lot and have been to other properties of keys resort it was time for goa and chef jerson fernandes had recommended this resort due to the excellent food and the location of the beach.
i had stayed with my family i,e wife and my son who is 6 years.
perfect spot if you have purely have to go by a centralised location travelling to north & the south.....coming by train convenient to stop at thivim and take a cab to the hotel....if you are coming by bus the you can stop at mapusa which is 2 km and can get a drop to the hotel either by a cab / rick...
the hotel can arrange the pick up /drop facilities if instructed for rs 300 either ways.. outside hotels you may bargain if you are looking to pay slightly lesser rate provided you may not want to get into too much hassles.
the property has a nice ambiance with a natural look especially the way its maintained with various lovely looking trees near the villas , swimming pool .
got a great view of the staff working diligently on the same.
the restaurant golden net is also nicely done with great looking interiors which blends with the natural look of the swimming pool.
one of the better places of having authentic goan food....my family really enjoyed the stuff that was on display here.
had the opportunity of having a nice spread of breakfast every morning and a buffet once and ala carte most of the times when we too lazy to venture out.
fish fingers : nicely battered with mayonaisse and tartar sauce.
tender and melting in the mouth..
prawn curry rice : the goan way of preparing the prawns curry and was really relishing to say the least.
the staff was excellent and friendly.
..need to specially guys like pradeep sir , paul , prakash & shawn were tirelessly helping around and were available always with a smile , recommendation and inputs..... makes a lot of difference if the staff is friendly and goes out of the way to help.
they were quick.
the location is almost perfect, just a 2-minute walk to baga beach with the most happening places on the way.
the breakfast spread was good all three days that we were there with a lot of variety.
the housekeeping staff also did their job well.
liked the fact that they had 2 pools.
though one was being renovated the entire time we were there, i anyhow preferred the one that was functional because it was located out of view from the reception and dining areas.
found it strange that such a cute place did not offer free wifi to the guests.
also the guys at the front desk knew little more than to check in and check out guests.
no help at all if you're looking to plan an itinerary.
also they offer their bikes for rent at a more expensive rate than the ones found just outside.
overall a good experience and you get what you pay for.
our room was filled with bugs insects crawling on walls.
no hot water inspite of complaining many times.
no vanity stuff like conditioner shampoos soaps and not to mention toilet paper rolls were so small it used to run out.
when we asked for new room they gave us a room which had no lights.
requested for upper storey room and they advised no rooms are available wherein we could see the upper storey rooms empty.
staff kept bringing wrong things, bought food with no utensils, lamb was foul, breakfast was not that good.
free wifi but trust me there is no coverage whatsoever.
at the end of the checkout, the staff couldn't find the receipts of the bills we signed.
worst experience ever.
never coming back.
the location is spot on right in front of the titto lane and baga beach, amidst market.
the front desk is one of the most hopeless bunch of nerds i have ever encountered - they are totally clueless about what they are up to - i saw almost every individual running into issues with front desk either checking-in or checking out.
rooms are ok but in dire state of renovation/electric equipments/ toilets everything given an impression of used up facility.
they do have 2 pools one of which is always under maintenance and nothing to write home about.
the only saving grace is food & restaurant staff - chef jerson & pradeep - marvelous people with prompt service and super food.
i repute key's as a above average brand - however with regards to this property i certainly feel that being in the prime area they are just not renovating it and allowing it to get further degraded.
come on guys resort ronit rooms and areas are crying for renovation - however, in the end i would say you get what you pay for - so it was an astounding deal and food was the saviour!
only the location is good!
other than that its not really worth if you wanna relax and enjoy at the property.
service is very very poor and so is the breakfast!
i took the breakfast including plan and i didnt really like the food.
go for it if you get it at very low tariff n only if you want a room to just stay!
hotel was good rooms were spacious but service was bit slow need to improve on service standards.
good location near to baga beach.
breakfast spread and quality was very good and value for money compared to my last visit.
special thanks to chef jerson for his kind hospitality.
looking forward to visit again.
this is one of the good hotels with an awesome location, exactly opposite to baga beach.
the rooms are neat and clean with a decent swimming pool.
all the rooms have a balcony, which is an added advantage.
the breakfast spread is also quite decent at this hotel.
we wanted to make it a destination birthday for my son's 1st birthday and thought what could be a better location than goa.
after going through many hotels reviews and deals we finalized on keys ronill and it turned out to be a great decision.
staff: all the staff especially head chef jason,manager ibrahim were very courteous and was very cooperative in making arrangements for birthday celebrations.
food, facilities : we stayed at three nights and had a wonderfull time.
it is very good resort and probably at most happening location in baga.
morning breakfast spread was very refreshing.
it did met our expectations in terms of service, comfort and facilities.
location: located just 200-300 mts to baga beach.
bang opposite to most happening tito's lane.
24hr supermarket is bang opposite which has citibank atm.
taxi and bikes stand are just outside the hotel premisis where one can take bikes for rent and also book cab for airport and sightseeing.
cons: reservation systems.
in terms of deficiencies there were glitches at the time of checkin, where only 3 out of 5 rooms booked were alloted.
other 2 rooms it seems were oversold at higher price or it could be a glitch/disconnect between backoffice, frontoffice.
however it took almost 2 hours or arguments, back and forth calls between head office, coupon site and even option of going legal before the matter could get sorted.
they should also improve on wifi services.
but once we got the rooms, stay was superb and can definitely say one of the best stays in my eight trip to goa better than some 5 star rated hotels.
i would definately consider staying once again and recommend it to my friends.
first and foremost i would like to thank mr. jerson (corporate chef) who made my stay a memorable one.
i had some issue with the room i was alotted and he took just 5 minutes to sort it out.
perfect location as it is right in front of tito's street and you also have a 24x7 convenience store bang opposite to the hotel.
so one can always get something good to eat even in the middle of the night.
also, its just 1km away from britto's which is the best shack at bagha beach.
a complete delight, keys ronil met all our expectation in terms of service, comfort, and facility.
the hotel was full during our stay, so it felt a little overcrowded, but that was my only qualm.
they have two pools and both of them are well maintained, especially considering the number of people using it every day.
the staff is just amazing, and they took extra care of our needs, especially while cleaning our dirty as hell room.
3 guys, what more can i say!
cleanliness was top notch, and the hotel's proximity to tito's and baga made me really happy.
tito's is basically a few shops down the lane, so you can keep the party going till 4 in the morning.
the breakfast was delicious, with two live counters that served omlette and dosa.
although the breakfast menu was the same throughout our stay, i guess i wouldn't have minded having it for another day.
i stayed at this resort for 2 nights n i must say it was excellent ... we booked the pool side room ... to start with the reception staff was kind enough to get us checked in as soon as we arrived even though check in time was 12 pm..we were provided welcome drinks... de room was v neat cozy n it had all u wanted ... de toilet shower had warm water 24 hrs n room service was fast speedy and efficient... now coming to the best part of stay ...
the complimentary breakfast had a lot of variety for veggies n non veg... live counters for dosa , omelettes ... then chicken sausages , bread.
fruits , pancakes , dahi vada, tea , juices etc... juz loved it...
overall loved our stay and the staff wos v polite n helpful..
highly recommend this place ...
very nice hotel.
very supportive service.
good food.
centrally located.
had booked through booking.com but hotel was ot informed still they accommodated and gave first available room.
cleanliness is also decent.
visited the hotel in july 2015. was given a check in late.
the room that was given had ants beside the bed.
asked for a room change.
the second room was worst.
it had mosquitoes all over.
hot water in bathroom was always a issue.
staff was helpful though.
breakfast was ok considering the buffet.
apart from the great location around the shops, restaurants and the clubbing scene it has great tasting food.
i was here for 3 weeks.
i found the staff at all levels very helpful attentive and very responsive to my requirements.
my food was cooked particularly to great requirement standards i expect and they did better.
the general manager was has a great team all round and i am sure they will continue to be good and yet be more better and will greatly exceed my expectations and of the future residents.
i look forward to visiting there again.
returning to the keys resort-ronil for the 10th time,a really nice hotel,the rooms are good,and kept very clean, free air conditioning and safety deposit boxes,two swimming pools,breakfast is included and is good,also given three vouchers toward paying for lunch or dinner.the staff are great and will do anything for you.the hotel is about a10 minute walk to the beach,loads of shacks there and the prices for food and drinks are cheap.eating out at night for two with drinks will be around £20 to £25.the only hangup is applying for the visa into india,filling the forms and having to all go to your nearest application place to get your visa at £90 pound each,but i still think it is a great holiday place.
the location of the resort is great just about 400mtrs from baga beach.
the rooms are clean and spacious.
service is little slow though.
they have two swimming pools but was closed due to some renovation work when we visited.
overall nice resort will visit it again.
i was staying at keys resort, ronil as part of a fulfillment exercise for a client of mine.
right from the time i was picked-up till the time i was dropped, i was pampered, taken care off and in very simple terms, would rate my stay as excellent!
i was put up in one of the best rooms of the resort.
the check-in process was so very quick that i hardly waited.
the ambiance of the resort in the morning was very refreshing.
the room was par excellence and very spacious.
the amenities were all very good.
the spread for the breakfast was very good.
there were plenty to choose from for the food conscious to the food hogging types!
the service at the restaurant as well as of the room service is very commendable.
my feedback will be incomplete if i do not mention the names of the these 2 people, who ensure that each and every customer who walks into keys resort ronil has had a wonderful & memorable time & stay.
mr subhabrata roy, general manager and chef deepak, who is an asset to this organization, any day.
keep up the tremendous work.
see you guys real soon!
we stayed at the hotel in the month of july, though not the correct time to visit goa but this never came to our thoughts as the hotel stay was an outstanding one, we had a lovely upgraded room overlooking the pool.
located just few meters from the baga beach in the heart of north goa.
food and service was awesome, leading by example the hotel general manager mr. roy followed by sous chef deepak and capt.
pradeep were always on their toes and went an extra mile to ensure that we experienced a comfortable stay.
i don't know how to thank the keys staff for helping us and making our stay memorable.
me my wife and our 2 yr old son wanted to stay at novotel but since it was full we opted to stay at keys ronil.thanks to the decision we took which turned out to be the best decision of our vacation.my wife was expecting then and the care and concern rendered during our stay was phenomenal.
we were made to feel at home.
special mention about chef jenson who was always there when needed.
we had to wake him up several times at midnight when my wife and our 2 year old kid kept demanding stuff.
he never said no to anything; being a chef he also fixed our ac and tv problems as no mntnce staff was available...he made sure we were comfortable and felt at home even at midnight.
i'm sure none of the hotels anywhere in india wud care for its customers like this chef did.
hats off to him and his hospitality.
he met each guest for breakfast and helped whoever needed help at any point of time.need all hoteliers to read this and understand this is what is real hospitality.any one can offer good room's; good food and good services but personal touch is what separates the best from the good.
i rate this keys chain as the no 1 hotel chain in the world for their staff and ethics..good job done on hr part also for inculcating these values in their staff.. shall recommend this hotel to all..keep it up and hope to see u all soon.
although we spent very less time but it was quality time thanks to the service.
even though we were late, we got excellent service at lunch.
the breakfast buffet was very nice, lots of fresh food.
the rooms are very nice and spacious with attached balconies.
i went to keys resort with my wife and 2 kids for 4 nights to goa.
let me start with the good things first.
superb location, excellent breakfast, and good in room service.
the day i reached it was around 7 pm and i was put in a room where the ac was not working fine.
the room had only 1 small power saver light which was working.
i had to ask them to get the lights fixed.
the ac service guy came and cleaned the ac air filter to no results.
finally i had to remind them that i have paid for the room and was not on a free stay in the hotel provided by them.
after which i was transferred to another room which was just ok.
the day before my check out i had asked them if they would accept american express credit card to which they said yes we do but at the time of my check out they refused to accept the credit card.
the bathrooms really need a makeover if you are staying in the base category room.
to be precise i was staying in room b02.
the rod to hang your towel inside the bathroom was rusted and almost about to fall.
the swimming pool was average and not very clean.
as a couple we were looking for a place where we can have our privacy but also place to party.
so thank god we found such property & keys is a very good property.
live music in night, walking 2 minutes distance from baga beach, hot & happening clubs of goa (tito's, mambos, cape town cafe are in same lane).
this resort is midpoint to each place in goa like calangute, candolim, panjim.
very good restaurant near to hotel specially de baga dack, mumbai counter & also there is one store in front of resort which is opened 24 hours.
breakfast is very good & sr. chef takes care for you.
live dosa counter & omlete counter are also in breakfast buffet.
try to avoid rooms in c, d block as rooms are small.
but anyway this was really a very good resort.
thanks to staff!
i did the booking of the hotel in the month of march through groupon for my 2nd marriage anniversary on 29th of april.....a mishap happened in my family....my younger brother died......
i asked groupon to postpone the dates for the maximum wich was last weekend of june as no refund was available .......we applied our leaves accordingly......one week was left for the holidays......i received no confirmation of my booking.......groupon said i lost the booking and the money.......i called groupon several times during the next 3 days......no resolution.......finally i gave up.....i called up the hotel and took the phone no of the gm, mr subhabrata roy......he spoke to his relevant department.......the hotel coordinated with groupon.....the next day i got a call from groupon.
we were greeted well on arrival.....it's a huge property.....very green....has two swimming pools......the room service is very fast......the staff on breakfast duty were very nice....gud breakfast layout....we received a call from the reception to check if we were happy on the second day....we checked out of the 4th day.a refreshing time out for us after a great storm that has swept us......
the hotel authority should do something to appreciate mr subhabrata roy, for his outstanding dealing of the complicated customer complaint......an amazing pleasing personality.......looking forward for staying again with keys hotel......... we both are very impressed.......
thank you !!!
hotel is located right next to where the action is.
decent property with reasonably good amenities.
breakfast spread was limited but adequate.
room service tends to be on the slower side but the fact that they cater food to your palate makes it worth the wait.
can certainly consider going back.
the room are nice and big...food is very tasty best ever had...breakfast spread was very food.
we had a wonderful stay and would definitely comein again...must try item from the menu is prawns peri peri....and local delicacies goan fish curry and the dessert apple pie....
i had been recommended by my friends about this hotel and i was not disappointed totally.
i could have given 5 star but didn't as there were issues which encountered during my stay.
overall it was nice resort , i would say good one for the family.
issues which i face was that 1)there was dampness in the rooms might be due to rains, 2) there were frequent power cuts but hotel has inverter/generators, but this put me off actually.
3) ac's doesn't seem to be quite effective 4) cable tv reception was poor, this is not important for me but the kids were disapointed.
5) there were few activities which were not available not sure why, kids wanted to play and couldn't enjoy the activities.
now the good things.
1) food is really good, fresh.
you can try their goan curry rice.
2) buffet breakfast was good too.
you will get idli, dosa, egg dish variety, chicken sausages, fresh fruits and etc., 3) hotel staff at were good.
the standard rooms are small but can adjust 3 people and rooms are good.
4) they provide you with tea/coffee maker too.
i would say overall a very nice experience for me and my brother's family.
i might come back to this place in future.
one more good thing about this place is that it is very near to tito's.
a popular club at baga, britto's is at walk able distance too.
beware: there are cabs available outside ronil, we had hired a cab for a drop to at our friends place on the check out day, this guy whose car number is: ga03 n 9327(grey maruti ertiga) is an idiot and rude fellow.
he said his name was raju but i am sure he didn't revealed his actual name to me.
we had fixed a price of rs.800 with another driver but this guy intervened and told he is in line for the drop and we will need to take his cab.rs.800 for a distance of 10km was too much but we didn't bothered and said ok. then we only went for 100 metre and asked him to put on the ac and he told for ac you will have to pay rs.100 more, it was not an issue of 100 rupees but the attitude was bad, and when i told him he could have told me before, then he just started reversing the car and told i will drop you back at hotel and go with other fellow.
i didn't liked it at all, told him that i would pay him 100 rupees for ac, as i didn't wanted to cause any inconvenience to my family members.
i am writing about him because i want to make him famous and make sure no one sits in his car as he shows such an attitude.
guys please beware, do not book this taxi.
this guy is black in colour, looks bit weird and is around 5ft 4in in height.
i couldn't click a picture of him or i would have posted the same.
keys - ronil is a decent place but not worth the price.
the rooms near the first pool are very small.
more like a matchbox and you end up paying extra to stay there cos its an upgrade to stay closer to the pool and reception.
considering we were 2 adults and one child they could have recommended a bigger room.
this is the basis for my rating - small rooms and hotel being unable to recommend.
overall the property is decent with clean pool and poolside.
nothing picturesque.
its a typical goan resort with 125 rooms (as told by the staff).
beware of the high priced menu.
its best you eat outside or carry food in.
if you want to binge on alcohol especially beers, then do not order by the pool or in the room.
its expensive compared to the store right across the hotel or any alcohol store in goa.
the breakfast spread is good.
do not miss it if its part of the price.
the chicken sausages on the buffet are good.
the spread has a good mix of dishes.
the omlette counter is super and so is the south indian dosa counter.
both live!
the staff is definitely friendly and warm.
they are a plus point of the resort.
they were accomodating and delayed the checkout by a couple of hours.
you have bikes to rent just outside the resort gate.
good places to eat around the hotel with an atm few metres away.
supermarket right across the street.
a good grill and barbeque place next to it.
the reception staff will arrange airport and station drops easily at an additional price.
good vehicles provided.
overall a decent place.
good staff good buffet for breakfast and dinner.good rooms,close to titus and the beach.
what else you expect in goa?
stayed in their shirdi hotel and came straight here.
this hotel is the best of all keys hotels.
pool needs to be cleaned though.
rest all superb.
fish curry rice and chilly fry is a must try.
we recently stayed at the ronil keys, and boy it was surprisingly a very good experience.
the entire family enjoyed the stay thoroughly and special thanks to the staff for making it very memorable.the staff is very friendly and helpful.
usually i avoid eating at the restaurants in hotels i stay, but chef jerson requested me to give it a try and it was really good.
i travel a great deal especially for good food and this was at par with the best.
the coffee shop - golden nest was worth every bit of money.the rooms were very clean and cozy.
all in all a good weekend spent at keys-ronil.
we traveled from the uk for a 2 week easter break with "6 children" (including 2 babies) and was worried we might have been pushing our luck going so far with so many kids (ages 1, 2, 11, 12, 12, 13.
we decided to go with thomson for a bit more peace of mind thinking goa is perhaps more for adults and the back packer types.
this hotel was fantastic and really warmed to our large family with the manager at check in saying to his staff "make sure you treat these children like your own children".
we felt comfortable, and safe from day one.
nothing was to much trouble for the hotel to sort out for us, service staff were brilliant as were reception.
the hotel itself is not luxury but more than adequate in comparison to some of the hotels you can walk past in the area.
the breakfast at the hotel was average, but food paid for at lunch or dinner was excellent, and cooked fresh.
the grounds and gardens of the hotel are beautifull and well kept with tropical jungle surrounding to the rear but noisy road to the front.
keys resort is in an excellent location with loads of bars and restaurants within walking distance.
the local area is busy at night but despite being a large family we felt very safe.
this is a 3rd world country and the sanitation outside the hotel is poor.
however none of us were ill!
not once!.
the local infrastructure was constantly improving, including the pavements in baga, which is important to us as we had a pushchair and if was a bit annoying to have to keep getting on and off broken pavements into the road and back again.
after a few days we got into the swing of things and just straddled down the road like everyone else.
totally relaxed atmosphere every where, no need to pack any posh dresses!
shorts, trainers, flip flops suffice!
an excellent place to take young children, try buckinghams bar (beach shack) on baga beach (by colonial santa maria hotel) 400 metres from keys resort.
there hospitality is excellent, and they will keep the little ones happy for hours in the sand with toys, water guns etc.
if your bored of spain, egypt, turkey, greece, this is the place to go!
food and beverage in goa is dirt cheap, eg bottle of coke £0.25, beer £0.55 curry £2, naan bread £.04 however the keys resort was about double this and you have to go outside to all the bars restraunts to get these prices.
really loved this holiday and would recommend this hotel to anyone who is travelling as a family as they really looked after us.
goa has fabulous beaches and scenery, so this is not a sit at the hotel holiday.
you can get a taxi very easily.
speak to reception and ask for "umesh".
he runs a taxi firm and will give you a mobile phone in case you get lost.
really really nice genuine people.
we have booked to go again on 26/3/2016 (this time there will be 12 of us) hotel please let poulton/marston family have rooms j01, j02, i03, i04.
on 26/3/2016 same rooms as before.
we got this resort by chance.
we as a family are regular visitors to goa.
and our all time favorite is resort terra paraiso.
as we felt a little adventurous, we okayed the keys resort.
the first and foremost thing that striked us about the resort was its location.
right at the start of the street to tito's.
one of the most happening places in goa.
this area has everything, from night life to shopping areas.
we could walk out in evenings for drinks to a pub or go to the baga beach for a stroll.
we were very happy with the location.
we had taken a standard room.
the rooms were big and spacious.
they were clean too.
comfy beds and tea/coffee tray was adequately stacked up.
everyday we got two sealed mineral water bottles, which were very helpful when we went out for sight-seeing.
we had wi-fi in our rooms and totally enjoyed it.
the speed was not good, but it served our purpose.
the room service was good and prompt.
great work there by them.
the resort has two swimming pools.
one with a max depth of 6.4ft and the other with a max depth of 4ft i guess.
both were well maintained and regularly cleaned.
the lifeguard was present at all times.
my daughter enjoyed the pool a lot.
the breakfast spread is good.
its not lavish, but good.
we were there for 6 nights.
and could find the breakfast menu repeating every three days.
but it was good and i strongly recommend it.
the hotel staff is also very pleasant and easy to talk with.
at the time of breakfast also they were eager to help, in spite of it being a buffet.
the only down point is parking.
if the parking is full (the parking space to rooms ratio is very bad), then you will have to park in pay and park area.
one night we reached late and the car parking was full.
we were able to park inside the resort (at non-parking space), but had it not been for my parking skills and helpful hotel security, would have to park in pay n park.
they really need to address this issue.
that alone takes a star away from this resort.
rest is just perfect for a family.
excellent location,that we knew when we booked the hotel.
the room was good, washrooms clean,breakfast was good with live counters...aircon worked well.
lots of rush at breakfast time...had to wait quite a bit for an empty table...closes at 10.30 sharp...would have appreciated if it was on for longer since we used to come back late at night & had to specially get up for the breakfast.
titos was just next door...lots of restaurants around...cafe coffee day right opposite.
baga beach was just a 5 min walk thro titos lane.
we liked the delhi style chole kulche at delhicious,a small restaurant nearby.
wifi was complementary & worked well.
overall a good place & a good stay.
would definitely recommend.
i decide to stay in this hotel because of its location.
room was clean and comfortable.
we had complimentary breakfast every day, food was good and chefs at eggs station was friendly.
swimming pool was clean and was great fun to spend good times with friends in pool.
only bad part of stay was slow room service, always room service number on waiting inform reception.
but staff was rude at reception and in room service.
this is the apt place to be .stay rocking thank you jerson and team for your hospitality ...lovely breakfast ... we had a great time once again ..thanks for the lovely cake as a surprise.
stay blessed.
visited for 2 weeks april 14, cannot fault it one bit, the staff treat you like kings and queens i will definitely return 😁 it's right near the action but quiet enough, taxis right outside.
while booking the hotel, we knew the location was good, as we intended to party & titos lane was just next door,it was perfect.lots of veg restaurants & market place around.
had read some reviews about rooms being too small, aircons not working etc.
we were shown 2 rooms on ground floor,but i wanted a room on the first floor, it turned out to be bigger & better.we were in a08.
the aircon was perfect, room size was fine, bathroom was very well maintained,shower was good & the staff was attentive.
breakfast was also good..it had variety.
there was a live egg & dosa counter, both were good.breakfast closed at 10.30 ,which was a little issue as we would come late in the night & had to get up in time to have breakfast...wifi was complimentary in the rooms & worked well.
all in all, excellent stay.would like to come again.
the room was nice, decently sized, and clean.
there was a balcony, which wasn't really helpful because it faced the road.
the service was timely and helpful.
facilities were good and easily available.
the location is the best part as it is just a couple-of-minutes-walk away from baga beach.
stayed in this hotel for 4 nights.
we were put up in the old wing (room v08).
the room had several issues - ac not cooling, bathroom light not working, balcony door remains bit open with a gap to let bugs in, bathroom door not closing, lots of ants in the room & finally the view from the balcony is like you're in a junkyard.
after repeated complaints, we were shifted to the new wing room after 2 days.
this was a totally different experience - it was the same "standard" room, but seemed like an upgrade.
the room had better interiors, had a tea/coffee maker in the room & otherwise perfect - the kind of room which we expected in the first place.
the property has 2 pools which was great, but other facilities like restaurant and common areas are not capable of handling all the rush when the hotel is booked at full capacity.
its like a mad rush at breakfast time.
location is great... but if you're driving there, parking could be an issue.
very small parking area & if its full - you are supposed to park your car in a pay parking further away.
overall not a very customer-friendly hotel to be in.....
it was a 2 nights stay in this resort.
1.
great location.
5 minutes walk from baga beach & the surrounding market.
2.
rooms are average, smallish but very well maintained.
ac works very well...which is a must in goa and the room comes with a nice little balcony.
3.
the bathroom is tad small, but clean.
3.
very courteous staff, always ready to help with a smiling face.
they also rent out 2 wheelers to help you move around.
4.
nicely decorated garden with many lovely flowering plants.
1.
the buffet breakfast has many items.
but actually tasty item is just one every day.
they even managed to serve rock solid idlies.....equally disastrous is chutney.
a mean feat to achieve.
cold n mushy potato wedges anyone?
the saviors were juices, bread butters, omelettes, fresh fruits & dosas.
2.
there are 2 pools, not in very great state & mostly used by guest fathers to teach their kids in the mornings.
stag groups occupy most evenings.
ladies & couples prefer to stay way from such pools.
not satisfied at all.
3.
the complementary wi-fi never worked.
was too disappointed.
4.
welcome drink provided only to few lucky customers?
we were not lucky.
amazing ... serene...excellent location.
..good stay..loads of complimentary services.
will return again.
just at the tip of baga beach.
pocket friendly.
scooters on hire.
what else can you want in goa.
heart of baga.
neat and clean room... no bath tub etc but for the price you pay in goa one of the best place to stay in... helpful staff... chilled out place... lovely pool .. if u donot wish to soak yourself in the sea then pool is the answer.. good food, breakfast buffet was good too.... restaurants, night clubs, baga beach, shops etc at stones throw distance.
overall excellent value for money...
decent 3* hotel with best location just 5 minutes walk frm baga.
we stayed for 2 days in this resorts .rooms are average but clean and well maintained.
hotel is located on near baga beach .
just few distance from baga beach and main area.
they have 2 swimming pool and pool is also nice and clean .
hotel looks it self good resorts .
value for money .
average budget resorts .
goa is destination for vacation.
i went there with friends.
it's a comfort stay and value for money.
proximity to baga beach is an advantage.
one can walk to beach and it takes only 10 minutes.
we hired bikes to roam around goa.
it was fun to drive two wheeler after a long gap.
two wheelers are easily available and can by picked up from one place and dropped at other.
"
value for money".
i have a mixed opinion about this place.
firstly, the good points.
location : excellent - stone throw away to the baga beach lane - the most happening place.
property: great: they have a great property with 2 swimming pools, that are well maintained.
ample sunbeds around the pool to have a nice drink in between.
breakfast: nice breakfast option with both veg/non veg.
the dosa and egg counter were amazing.
live music: the live music arranged during the evening's were great.
overall : the experience was great.
some areas of improvement.
reception staff: the reception staff can be more proactive and have a smile on their face while answering queries as they are the face of the resort.
i had transfers as part of my package and we were 4 adults with one child 8yrs old.
yet instead of arranging a muv type, they had arranged for a sedan type, where my son had to sit on my lap.
they are late to respond to your queries.
comparing to the f/b staff who are doing a wonderful job, the reception staff's need to improve.
fans : the fans were running for the sake of running with a top speed of 10 revolutions per minute(a bit hyped).
both in the rooms and the dining and reception area.
sports: they need to improve on their recreational facilities like kids play area and billiards/snooker table.
overall a mixed feeling, had a great time, but could have been better.
it was a solo trip of mine on 1st may, 2015 till 4th may, 2015.
accomodation: they provide a nice and decent rooms.
i got a standard room, though i asked for an early checkin, but due to the huge rush(crowd), they won't be able to process it.
location: it is at quite a good location, baga beach is at 500 mts distance.
you can rent a bike just from outside the hotel.
nearest happening club is tito's bar/mambo club.
breakfast: they have buffet breakfast, which includes veg/non-veg options.
they also have a dosa counter and a egg counter, which serves the breakfast as per your choice.
i just loved the tea, they serves at the time of breakfast.
bar: they offer quite a variety of drinks, but a less variety for the snacks.
service: security gaurds at the door are very polite and helpful for any information you need to have about the area and commutation.
bell boy looks lazy, but works fine.
room service guys are so damn fast.
property: they've got two beautiful swimming pools (max depth: 7ft.
& 5ft.)
along that they have sunbeds.
beds and swimming towels are well managed throughout the pool timmings.
hope this might help my fellow travelers to decide.
no so great place to stay.
i informed the reception member (ludovik) at around 10pm when we got back to room after leisure that ac isn't working.
he suggested an alternative room which was stinking and the ac in that room also wasn't working.
he clearly refused to help further.
spoke to the front office manager austin over the phone at around 11:45pm and he too denied any further help stating i can't do anything.
pathetic experience of their pathetic attitude.
went through a very uncomfortable situation at night where the weather is so humid and we were not able to sleep.
will not refer / prefer to stay in future.
i had visited goa in december 2014 with my wife.
this was my second visit to goa and first with my wife.
i had taken lot of efforts in short-listing this resort located half a kilometer from baga beach.
the resort was huge with 2 swimming pools.
the resort was simply outstanding with a very caring, supportive and co-operative staff.
we stayed there for almost 5 days, and it made our trip priceless.
first day we did not get room of our choice but we were shifted to a room close to the swimming pool and restaurant by the management the very next day.
this was better located and the pics uploaded below will speak for themselves.
the service was excellent, even during the period of the year when the rush in the resort is at its peak.
we did spend some time in the pool, it was good.
the food of the resort is really good, especially the non-veg part.
buffet breakfast was very nice.
the live music arranged during the evening was excellent.
we had spent some memorable moments of our trip sitting near the pool, having beer and enjoying the performances.
the resort was having huge presence of the foreign guests of all age groups.
the location of the resort is excellent, it is the most happening place around baga beach.
the road heading into the beach is crowded till late hours.
this year again we plan to visit goa, definitely our stay shall be at this resort.
after a lot of contemplation we opted to stay at keys resort as we are members with club mahindra.
however since we wanted to explore night life of goa, we chose to stay at keys.
location wise it is the best choice one can make.
everything is at a walkable distance however was not at all happy with the service provided.
firstly the ac in the room was not working properly.
there was no cooling at all.
after complaining for 2 days there was no change.
the ground staff, staff at the restaurant & front desk is outright rude.
they carry a attitude of as if we care?
the house keeping staff back answered rudely & curtly when my mom asked for an extra napkin.
the café staff also back answered and actually yelled back that chai banane mein time lagta hai when we checked about a teas order placed for half an hour and wasn't served when there was no crowd at the café.
room cleaning was a disaster.
no changing of bedsheets.
no cleaning of utensil/ replacing the coffee mugs and clean the area.
all they did was make the bed and clean the bathroom.
rest all was as is.
infact room cleaning did not happen on the 3 rd day inspite of us informing the staff personally to clean.
after all of this, when we contacted the manager , austin was courteous enough to offer us an alterate room which was decent.
( only good things during the stay) .
breakfast spread was good but again service is a big concern.
staff is always in a glumpsy mood making faces when you ask for even a glass of water.
all in all, experience at keys wasn't very great.
we expect courteous and helpful staff of all things which was a disaster here.
don't think will ever visit the resort again with family.
hotel is good, just opposite titos lane & opp.
super market.
taxi stand is also near hotel gate.
lot of restaurants nearby.
baga beach is just walking distance.
too much shopping nearby.
road is packed with travelers.
we stayed here 2006 and 2007 had a fantastic time so when we were coming back to india we were determined to stay again.
we were so disappointed.
the staff were fantastic cannot fault them.the hotel has unfortunately fallen in to a bit of disrepair.
can't fault the food it was very good although the choices were much more limited than before.
the valentine night we went to last time was a bit of a let down this time.
baga itself has totally changed not as relaxed as before we were opposite a night club that had garage music all night till about 2am and then everyone took to the streets horns blaring until about 6am so not a lot of sleep in the room we were in.
myself and my hubby stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks in april.
having been to look at this hotel a few years back to see friends we did notice the transformation.
reception area looks alot nicer and pool furniture updated.
our room was in v block which is by the 2nd pool.
room was fine for us.
not alot of storage space but wasnt a problem.
in room safe which was good also tea & coffee facilties.
also 2 bottles of water provided each day which was a bonus.
also a small fridge in room.
there was a very good shower in the bathroom.
no hairdryer though.
most staff were very friendly and always smiled or said hello.
we also eat at the hotel some nights food was nice.
and live music on some nights.
breakfast was ok they dont serve bacon but if you ask they will give it to you..omelettes & fried eggs to order also.
pool towels available aswell but did find he was the only miserable one we came across.
reception staff helpful with all our needs.
also bar staff nice and friendly.
hotel is in a great spot for beach and restaurants in baga.
keys ronil,a resort located at baga,goa is one of the finest of its class providing great value to ur money.compact sized room,good room service and excellent food.the restaurant of the hotel provides variety of food from continental to chinese and similar of its type..trust me its worth staying there..!!
itw been very good feeling for having such a nice resort and food, location.
next time also i will prefer this property.
the best part of this hotel is the food and its location.
we were here 8 years before and the food was average.
off late the food has been really good.
we had a lovely time at the restaurant and th e pool.
the rooms are small but nice and clean,the location is a stone throw from baga beach,the restauarant staff and the corporation chef are very friendly and helpful.prawn balchao,fish curry and fried fish are a must try.
the pool needs attention,rest all ok. looking for some more visits in the coming months.
this is certainly one of the best hotels of keys since they have taken over.thanks to their food and location.
we were back at ronils beach, which is now keys ronil beach resort.
had a very pleasant stay with them as always.
although on the check in day we got our rooms at 16:00 hrs, where we had requested for an early check in as we landed at 07:00 hrs in goa.
due to alot of rush we could not get our specific rooms early which was suggested by mr. austin.
and what an amazing room he suggested, the rooms were big as promised and were inter-connected.
we were really happy with the new upgraded interiors of rooms and bathrooms.
the hotel has really lifted their standard of since the last time i visited.
the staff was very friendly and co-operative.
the food has improved heaps and bounds.
kudos to mr. austin who managed to get us an extra room when the hotel was in full occupancy, as there were a few friends who made a last minute plan to come.
i am really happy to re-visit this place.
and would recommend this to all my friends.
and also looking forward for my next trip.
the pool could be better maintained and also the wi-fi needs to improve for rooms.
but overall i had a blast staying here.
cheers to the ronil staff!
what a nice hotel excellent location just over the road is titos lane were nightlife is and via the beach 5 mins walk.staff polite and friendly,they were forever cleaning around the hotel grounds spotless clean hotel.rooms good size and towels and bed lining changed daily with daily clean.nice touch to rooms was free bottled water everyday .breakfast plenty of choice including fresh eggs cooked while you waited.i would define toy return and i have already recommended the hotel to friends who are going to book thankyou for making my stay enjoyable for my 2 week holiday.
positives: good service, rooms are clean, food is good and very convenient location (close to the beach and all the happening places at baga).
negatives: swimming pool is not kept clean.
so a decent hotel if budget is a constraint.
we have been to this hotel twice and would say staff r very friendly.
good in restaurant is very good and 2 pools good with plenty of sunbeds and towels.
live music each evening.
breakfast caters for all.
overall a good budget place to stay just don't look too close at general up keep (just like the rest of goa) - although still remains one of the best local hotels i've seen here!
hotel is at excellent location especially if you want to party.
most of the known clubs/pubs are around.
the rooms are also clean and decent though when we went electricity kept on going on and off.
there are two swimming pools, both were clean and and a good place to chill.
the hotel is not even 200m away from baga beach.
it is a beautiful resort with amazing hospitality and really spacious rooms.
it has two swimming pools and lovely greenery across the resorts.
its has affordable rates with a fantastic location and amazing complimentary breakfast buffet.
i have been to ronil's thrice on official trips along with my company and team.
i have always felt it was a place i could take my family too.
i got a chance this april (2015) and took my family along.
we have always stayed at the fort aguada or cidade in the past so getting my family to say "yes" to ronil was a task.
well ronil did not disappoint , my family gave it a big 'thumbs up', and my kids loved it.
the entire property has a nice homely feel to it, the pools are clean and warm.
the attendants and staff are gracious and helpful as well.
what helps is that it is in the heart of baga and you can just step out and take a walk whenever you want.
walk to tye beach, step into a restaurant or just go for a massage, all of which is just about 3-5 minutes away.
all in all a nice place to spend a weekend with your family, i am waiting to visit them again.
excellent place to be in for holidays.
good location nearby markets, restaurants and other happening places.
good breakfast, nice food, nice rooms, good staff and well maintained.
two swimming pools which are well maintained.
the location of the hotel is excellent and nearby to all good places.
i have been to this resort with my company in 2009, and again i visited this april 2015 with my wife.
the resort is right at the center of the where all the action is, titos lane is just outside the resort gates, baga beach is a 5 minute walk.
location is just perfect.
my check-in was without any hassle, i had booked through agoda for 2 nights, the room was comfortable, with all the basic amenities in place.
breakfast was enjoyable, with a good spread.
pool was a bit crowded but we hardly used it as we had plans to visit the beaches.
overall a very good experience.
location is perfect...tito's lane a500m from the hotel.the hotel is in need of refurnishing,breakfast was good though service vessels are little not up to date and can turn u off.you are paying for the location and wont regret for that for sure.
having been to goa for the previous 2 years and staying at a creekside hotel which wasn't available this year we decided to give the ronil our custom.
we know this is a very lively and noisy stretch of road so requested our room not to be in the front blocks.
however the room guy from the first room would do anything for you and went above and beyond, always with a smile.
we ended up with a boy who really was not a good reflection on the rest of the hotel staff, we had to ask for towels, sheets, water and actual cleaning of the bathroom to be done.
we're good tippers but don't like to feel that things won't get done unless you tip.
all the other staff we came across, luggage boys, reception, gardeners, pool boys and waiters are genuinely there to make your holiday a happy one.
everyone is polite and wishing you a nice day with a smile or a wave.
i have to say the waiters sunny, sebastian and elvis will go out of their way for you and really look after you.
breakfast at the ronil was good.
nice variety of indian and european and my favourite way to start my day was with the delicious omelette.
we don't usually eat at the hotel we stay at as goa is full of fantastic places to eat but we were given money value tokens to use so we gave it a try and...wow..the currys were so full of flavour i asked for the chef to share his secrets.
the room was ok as it really is just for sleeping and the mattresses are a good size and comfortable.
cleaning is done daily but as already said some are done to a far higher standard than others.
if not in the front blocks this hotel is in a great location with easy access to the beach, good restaurants and bars.
there's always a taxi waiting to take you anywhere you desire just outside if needed.
would we go back to the ronil keys?.......a most definite yes the good far out ways the not so good.
third back to back stays in this place ... do i need say more?
... and this is the 'best deal' in this location, there are other places as well nearby but either they are expensive or they just don't measure up ... do your research if you have to but make sure you stay here for a day at least.
tip: call the hotel directly for booking, you get the best rates.
just back home from an amazing three weeks in goa.stayed at the ronil keys hotel on baga road.this hotel is in a excellent location for all amineties.close to all restaurants,supermarket,chemist,beach and titos lane.the hotel is very clean rooms cleaned everyday and clean towels everyday.rooms are a good size with a safe and satalite tv.i would definately stay in this hotel again.
its a nice property.
location very nice, just walking distance from the beach, on the main road of baga.
our bad luck that there was a huge group of school boys that was there throughout our stay which was there for a football tournament so that made our stay too noisy and too crowded.
stayed at this hotel for 5 days with my 4 year old daughter & husband.
we were greeted with a welcome drink on arrival & check-in took about 5 mins.
the standard room alloted to us was very small with a large bed, table, chair & tea cofee maker with hardly any space to move around, on enquiring at the reception, we were told that all standard rooms were of the same size!
we asked for a baby cot but we were told that the cot had some repairs so they were kind enough to offer an extra mattress at no additional cost.
with the extra mattress the room got further congested due to lack of space.
rooms were clean & neat with good staff.
the complimentary breakfast was good.
location is excellent with a supermarket & atm opposite to the hotel & 5mins walk to the beach.
there is a live music at the pool area on friday, saturday & sunday.
we ate here twice & found the food to be good.
loved the location, friendly stafd & pool.close to the beach, nightlife, shops and most of all lots of awesome places to eat all along that very road.
most restaurants open in the evenings for dine in however we found a small quaint place called squeeze n slice a few steps away.
had the most awesome pizzas, sandwiches, smoothies.
perfect on your way to or from the beach.
after and a bit pricey but not for everyday dining is kudos, kim fa and a few more along the same street.
we didnt have to hire a bike or car all during our 4 day stay as location is fantastic.
friendly staff.
very close to baga beach,good restaurant.
excellent location for outside food and other activities.
complimentary continental breakfast is good,the restaurant food is also fresh and tasty but feel its a bit pricey.
room service was good,overall great experience.
second visit to the ronil ,,, after a 32 hour 58 minute delay .
oh well added adventure .
we arrived at the ronil , i love it here i was allotted room g2 deluxe room , payed extra in england .
no no no more like a prison room have a look .. changed room next day to room d5 with balcony room ok ... but standard .
ronil management sort your rooms out and don't treat your customers like fools .
still had great time staff great love you shaun .give this hotel a go but check room allocation first .
good location great restaurants and bars near by .
it is a great hotel and in reach from all major areas of goa, nice location, good buffet breakfast, helping and charming staff.
amazingly close to baga beach and chilled ambiance made my vacation a perfect hit!
i loved the place, relaxed atmosphere and unmissable colonial hangover that the resort exudes.
the staff, especially housekeeping, were a bit tardy at times but otherwise i have no complaints.
food was okayish...with the usual goan cusines exhorbitantly priced.
although i found a neat place near baga - "nisha's" restaurant, that fulfilled my appetite with refreshingly delightful sea food.
my regular - mixed sea food soup, made up of crab, shrimps, squids etc.
seemed to be a all time favorite.
don't miss the "keys" resort if you don't like hassles of travelling far from beach, or along with family coming over relaxed vacation.
stayed here for a 2 week break.
loved it!!!
we opted for an upgraded room which is towards the back of the resort which was spacious and airy.
our view from balcony was trees!!!
great sitting there early morning listening to all the birds and watching squirrels running around!!!
very quiet also.
food in the restaurant was very good and huge choice for breakfast.
special mention to the pool attendants who were excellent and kept a close eye on towels being left on beds.
they moved them off if they weren't used after a few hrs!!!
(all hotels should have staff doing this) lovely guys and a credit to the hotel.
it was myself and hubby's birthday while we were there and were surprised by a complimentary cake on both our birthdays which was a lovely thing to do.
lots of restaurants and shops around hotel but traffic was a nightmare at weekends but fascinating to watch from a nearby bar!!!
overall a fab holiday and would not hesitate to return here!!!
keep up the good work keys!!!!
sorry i'm booked in here for a month, arrived very tired and hot , just wanting to take a shower and 40 winks after a night flight without sleep.
check in was painfully slow and was then had to wait for our rooms over an hour and a half.
requested a room out back as hotel is on the very busy , highly noisy baga road .
non stop honking horns from the traffic.
room is ok and clean but the the hotel is full of ill mannered indians with hoards of kids wailing like banshees.
3 nights in a row there young kids are up and down the corridors till 2 am shouting and screeching with adult voices extremely loud , shouting level .
restaurant was a bad experience also due to the amount of rude i'll mannered indian guests pushing past our table .
we have been to goa before and found the people friendly, courteous, always smiling and never rude .
so where did these guests come from .
i have now had to bite my lip and and count to ten so many time over our the last days to stop myself knocking them out cold.
stayed here recently in a ac deluxe room.
the room was big and airy with a nice balcony.
location of this hotel is unbeatable as its just before the tito's lane.
the property was maintained very well and there were 2 swimming pools.
breakfast was also huge with many choices.
the hotel restaurant was nice with prices only slightly more than the beach shacks.
it seems the new management has done a good job.
i would definitely recommend this hotel for those who are not looking for a 5 star property.
normally stay in csm ,loverly hotel,close to beach.alot more expensive tho,stayed there in november for 2 weeks£1200 each b/b,while we were there had a look round the ronil keyes ,friends were staying there,came home and booked it for january 2015 for.
i was going to book a pool facing room but i was getting a good deal on agoda for their deluxe premium room which on agoda they are showing as a room with a connected small room = a room with king size bed and a room with 2 single beds.
but when i checked in they gave me a gloomy room at the end of the hotel and i had a hamstring pull which made matters worse but the hotel refused to budge from their stand saying they had given me what i booked for !!
they gave me wifi after 2 days of arguing with them that wfi was free !!
that too the connection they gave was purposely set to a slow speed.
well maintained property at a very nice location.
baga beach is 5 min walking from this hotel.
there have 2 large swimming pool and excellent restaurant.
breakfast, lunch and dinner both was awesome.
hotel is surrounded with so many trees, which make the environment always cool.
whether it is matter shopping, or going to beach or visiting famous restaurant this is perfect hotel to stay.
everything is nearby and rate is very economical compared to other hotels in goa.
had stayed here for 3 days in between feb and march`15.
the highlight of this hotel is the location - very close to baga and calanguta beaches (better hire the bikes to reach though).
it can be a very good base for visiting chapora fort and beach, anjuna, saturday and mackeys markets.
there are lots of veg/jain hotels for the vegetarians with north/south combinations, not to mention the titos supermarket and others to grab a quick beer(lot of varieties to choose from).
there is a place for parties in front of the hotel.
we had dinner once and food is quite decent, tasty and ambiance is quite good with candle and live music, songs(you can ask them to sing yours).
90% of the folks we observed staying here were foreigners, especially the aged ones.
btw, there are two pools(one is smaller @ 5ft).
the location is so convenient, just 5 mins away from the beach.
the famous tito's & mambo clubs within walking distance as well.
loads of eateries, supermarkets, shopping places within walking distance.
the air-conditioned rooms feature satellite tv, a personal safe and a wardrobe.
a minibar is included.
the en suite bathroom comes with hot and cold shower facilities.
i have been coming to this hotel for over 11 years, over the last few years there as been a lot of changes but most have been for the better.
the main thing about this hotel i love is the staff, they are always friendly, happy, willing to help and offer a good service.
most of the staff are locals so have good knowledge of the area.
room are fairly basic but to a good standard.
tea and coffee in the rooms.
clean towels and sheets every day.
the room boys do a great job.
aircon in all rooms, plus a tv.
free wifi but this is slow but good enough to read your emails.
the food is good, the evening entertainment could be a little better, it would be nice to see more traditional acts.
fresh pool towels every day, which you can use for the beach which is a 10 minute walk away.
they could do with a few more sun beds, the pool guys do the best to get everyone a bed.
if they had more beds guest would stay around the pool more.
but all round this is one of the best hotels i have stayed in when visiting goa.
when i am in goa i always make a donation to the mango tree, it's a great place that helps children.
http://mangotreegoa.org/ please have a look at the website.
we stayed in the resort from 19th feb till 22nd feb' 15 & our stay was excellent....
the management was very generous & the entire staff & sub staff was very courteous.
it is very close from baga beach....& so it caters to your daily activities on your fingertips.
keep it up guys!!!!
the resort is good as a budget hotel.
my second visit here.
the food has definitely improved from last time.
the location is the best as it is two minutes walk from baga beach.
the rooms near the pool especially the delxue rooms are good.
the executives are not bad either.
we went to goa to celebrate our anniversary in feb 15 and booked this hotel online.
apart from the fact that our pool view facing room was mostly obstructed because of a shed but i can discount that for the rooms were big, neat, clean and did actually face a bit of the pool.
recommendation to take the pool view rooms as the rooms in any other side is too noisy.
we found the hotel very pleasing sitting in the heart of baga beach and tito's and mambo's lane just opposite the hotel.
the breakfast spread every day was humongous and very tasty.
fresh breads, lots of south indian as well as conti dishes.
loads of options in hot drinks and fresh juices.
the best part was the ever smiling staff.
they would approach everyone and strike up a conversation so friendly as if you knew them from ages.
definitely worth the price (with brkfst included).
we faced a little challenge with the overflowing of the washrooms but was promptly cleaned up by the housekeeping.
swimming pool is charming and clean.
we had one lunch and dinner and they tasted at par with all the good restaurants out there in goa.
wonderful location and lovely staff....if you want to be where the action is then this is the right place.
great goan food and ambience in the evenings..
the hotel has compact rooms and the decor is quite nice.
try the balchao naan... it is not on the menu.. but you can request for the same... great roast pork too....
i have selected the hotel because of reviewers comments such as value for money, centrally located and excellent staff services.
hotel has excellent greenery and varandha from the first floor and nice swimming pool (bit dirty though).
nice place to dine in poolside area with average food.
room is okay but they can be cleaned.
this is okay hotel for few nights but you might get better hotel with price they offered.
i started negotiating with 3500inr but ended up paying around 4700inr.
c block is perhaps best room but we were housed in j block.
try to avoid this.
most disappointing is lack of smiling faces of staff and services.
i am sure they have potential to improve their hospitality services.
i stayed here for two weeks.
i booked here because the csm hotel was booked.
i thought i wanted to stay close to a lively town for nights out.
only good things about this hotel is they have some nice staff serving and movie channels in case you fancy a night in.
i didn't get in the pool because it was so dirty for days with scum and bugs i couldn't understand why anyone would get in it.
food was hit and miss.
the room, think travelodge very basic, tiny room and that's what you get.
also at various times in the day and night you get a disguising smell from the drains and it made me feel sick, the whole room stank.
speaking to others the same happened in their rooms too so little point in asking to change rooms.
as for the road, you take your life in your hands crossing at times and i nearly got run over because the drivers are crazy and stop for no one.
i would not recommend this hotel for families.
we seemed to be the youngest at this hotel by a minimum of 20y or more, apart from a handful of indian families.
i would not visit baga again.
on baga beach the indian men seem to hang out in big groups and were very pervy and try to take photos and videos of women in bikinis.
some even came up and asked for photos of me while i was with my husband.
it's unbelievable.
the hotel rooms are filthy and the scum in the pool is discusting you would be better off sleeping in a shack in the slums of mumbai and swimming in a dirty swamp full of animal dung.
it is also safer crossing the m25 in rush hour.
save your money don't go honestly.
travel to the south.
also be warned if your wife,girlfriend is on the beach in bikini the locals are really perverse and constantly stare and try to take photo's.
rude staff, they have there own set of rules and do not honor what has been mentioned on website, there are better hotels in goa at this cost.
food was below average, better restaurants available nearby.
only good thing about this hotel was location walking distance to baga beach.
nice hotel, good price.
although it has tiny ants in the rooms and the kettle was grim.
weird smell too.
apart from that, its a nice place, lovely breakfast.
there was a driver call blossom (says blossom on his car too) do not trust him.
his a sweet talk and he will take you places you don't want to go and waste your time.
ive been to goa many times and have stayed in hotels in north goa.
but keys resort was something else.
the service and understanding is perfect.
they charged me half days rent for checking out at 10pm when most hotels will charge you full rent.
sea food is nice.
the resort is in baga and a 2min walk to the beach.
great service from the staff.
laundry and cleaning is on point.
perfect place to stay if you want a pleasant stay.
booked key hotel from booking.com for 27th and 28th jan 15. when arrived at the hotel from first look hotel looked very decent in regards to parking, pool, restaurant and lobby.. after completing all the formalities was escorted to the room and when we entered the room i was completely zapped... pictures of the room given on the website for key room which i was booked for was actually of suite room.
key room was the base category room the pictures uploaded on the travel portals was false to attract the customers.
finally we spoke to the gm and we cancelled the booking and shifted to country inn.
thanks to the gm he really helped us and our issue was sorted.
stayed in this hotel in first week of jan 15 .
we were 8 families .
found the hotel good .
the rooms were good .
they normally have two kinds of room deluxe & standard .
frankly i donot think there is much diffrence in both categories room .
when i asked them , they were not able to differentiate .
the rooms were good & comfortable and most have balconies attached to the room.the hotel has got two swimming pool.
well maintained .
the food is good .
the location is not excellent but good.
beach 5 mins walking distance from the hotel .
the road from hotel to beach is the one in which club titos is situated .
the down side is that they charge for wi-fi.
try to get pool facing rooms on ground floor.
overall gud experience .
visited goa in the month of october and stayed at this property for 5 nights, the hotel has a very good location, close to baga beach and the other attaractions.
breakfast service was average and the spread was also not that great.
overall its the most practical choice and one should not expect form this property in terms of luxury.
i stayed in this hotel for two nights and enjoyed my trip too much.
very good new hotel neat and clean.
very good rooms with all modern facilities and wifi.staff is very cooperative and polite.
excellant room service.
.......................................
stayed with family at keys ronil resort,baga for 1 night on december 14th, 2014.
we booked 2 deluxe cottage rooms.
the rooms were spacious facing the big pool and bathrooms were spot clean.
there was live music ( band ) in the evening next to the pool very goan style.
goan's love their food, fenny and music.
in case you are looking for a quiet night suggest you select room at the rear for the resort.
this property is at the heart of baga town and walking distance to the beach with plenty of dining options like titio's and pubs on the road leading to the beach and offers convenience if you are party animal or like city life.
the food and amenities at the resort were basic.what you are paying is for the location.
i will definitely recommend this hotel if you are looking for place near to the beach.
though the rooms and the hotel infrastructure... are not perfect in terms of decor...or size etc..
but their good restaurant and pool make up for it...the best thing about this hotel is its location...just come out of it and on left gate you can find lots of shop keepers renting out bikes...at a very reasonable rate .....and then you can easily explore goa and nearby beaches... hotel is located very close to baga beach and main market...overall good place to stay...if you like to stay close to market and main attractions ...
this was our first time in india / goa and to say it was a fantastic experience is an understatement!
all staff at the ronil keys were fabulous and our room and facilities were great !
we were lucky to meet some great people and it's a place we will definitely return too!
i am staying here from the past 15 years and the place seems to be getting better and better.
the service is excellent ambience is perfect.
the breakfast spread is extensive.
the rooms are clean and cosy.
it is walkable distance to the party scenes of goa.
they arrange for bikes for hire.
it was the third trip to goa n was very nice.though it doesn't have private entry to beach but is close by to both bagga n calangute on the main road.
24/7 store just in front across the road, a nyc bar across the road, vry nyc punjabi daba with tasty food is 2 mins walk n right in front of the hotel you get the scooty,bike n car rentals.taxis available.talking about the hotel.they are reasonably priced considering lo action, food n very clean rooms.the have a pool in the middle beside the main food hall feels nice to have breakfast by poolside.overall a lovely stay.
keys is a famous chain and probably had a higher expectation.
but this one is a bit disappointing.
it is not worth the money they charge, probably they should reduce the tariff.
the property as such is good, nice two pools and well located restaurant.
the biggest drawback is the staff.
not at all friendly, the restaurant opens at 7am for complimentary buffet breakfast, but by the time all the stuff were put out and a cook showed up for the omelettes it was past 8.
the food was decent though.
another set of unfriendly staff can be found at the reception & pool area.
the rooms are average the bathroom is poor.
the complimentary toiletries supplied are cheap.
the towels in the bathroom was shockingly in bad shape.
it was torn in the ends, probably bought during the ronil's beach resort days.
the location is good... pretty close to the beach.
beware of the taxi drivers outside, they are looters.
they charge exorbitant rates.
one ride and we had enough.
it is convenient and advisable to use online taxi service.
overall an average property, had the tariffs been lower i would have rated slightly higher.
but again it was the peak season and everyone's making money.
they could have done a lot better, the management should do a lot more to improve the staff efficiency.
i am pretty sure i will not go back there again.
it was a nice and short getaway for the first time in december and it did came out to be quite a pleasant one indeed.
the resort's usp is its location for sure, situated right in the heart of north goa beams up with the bustling night life and umpteen options for eating out, bike hires, clubs & bars and best part is the 24x7 deli store bang opposite to the resort that sells food & beverages of all sorts all day and night.
the property nestles into both urban yet heritage decors and has a decent size of rooms, pools (2 of them) bar, restaurant (with a live band) what one can wish for.
the food and beverage options on the menu are listed at competitive prices and are of multiple variety.
all in all i would highly recommend this economic yet upscale property to all my fellow travelers if you really want to have a great time with not too much weight on your wallet!!!!!
happy travelling and have a great time @ ronil key's resort!!!!
reasonable priced hotel with good rooms.
it has a great and convenient location - about 200 mtrs from baga beach with lots of shacks.
around and across are tito's, baskin robbins and all kinds of restaurants, general stores atm etc.
the hotel breakfast has a reasonably good spread.
we enjoyed staying at keys ronil ,room was nice facing to pool , hotel is located in a very good location and near to tito's night club , and i would thank all staff for taking care throught out over stay .
loved the hotel itself, its location, ambiance, entertainment, breakfast.
a highlight of this hotel is its location with baga beach only 150 metres away.
nightspots such as tito's, mambos are at a stone-throw distance.
many other restaurants (fiesta) and street shopping are all walking distance.
inspite of the madness around you, when you are in the resort it is peaceful & tranquil.
ronil offers a range of rooms and the in-house sea-food restaurant is good too.
we arrived in goa on xmas day 2014 for 2 weeks.
we stayed at the ronil last xmas as well and we have to say it was just as good this year!!!
the hotel staff are so friendly, nothing is too much trouble, everyone is keen to talk to you.
the food in the restaurant is excellent.
the rooms are clean.
location is fantastic.
all in all an excellent stay.
we will always stay here whilst in goa.
it's a great base to explore from.
we stayed at the ronil a few years ago and really enjoyed our stay, staff were friendly and always happy to help .
our room was at the back of the hotel and wasn't as nice as some of the other rooms although i have been told that all the rooms are now of equal quality.
the pool is clean and all sun terrace area's are swept daily .
hotel food was great especially the fresh bread rolls with tandoori chicken in the clay oven ,we did eat out a lot due to cheap prices and getting out to see surrounding area's.
the ronil is a short walk away from the beach down tito's lane this is where the night life is after 8pm .
plenty of beach shacks for food and drink the beaches are clean ,don't be fooled by the nice breeze you will burn !
stayed here in november 2014.
fairly decent hotel with decent-sized rooms, fairly clean.
bathroom not properly ventilated though they have air extractors to compensate for this and they do a reasonable job.
satellite channels available in the rooms.
not much to choose from at breakfast and as a result, didn't eat any meals there although i spent 9 nights there.
friendly staff.
it was strange to find an indian front-desk guy with the name ludovic but he was very friendly and extremely helpful.
grounds are well-kept and the hotel's key attraction is its location, right next to tito's road for the party animals.
goa turned out to be a disappointment for me for many reasons and this may have coloured my views of my stay as i kept wishing i had gone back to thailand instead.
we stayed here for 4 days during peak season.
pros: rooms are spacious and clean, good location 5 minutes from the beach, generous buffet breakfasts.
cons: incompetent service, cruddy bathrooms, ugly views from some buildings, awful entertainment, guests are charged for internet daily and per device.
but the worst was the resort's mandatory "christmas dinner" this year, at the exorbitant rate of 3,500 inr/head without alcohol.
the food was not only dreadful, but unsanitary: crabs and prawns were piled on buffet tables a full 2 hours before the dinner lines were open.
we didn't touch any of it.
even worse was the "dining entertainment" led by a host we dubbed "mc killjoy".
loud country music periodically interrupted by bingo (!!!)
and misogynistic jokes/games made this one of the most abject- if amusing- hotel experiences i've ever had.
travelled to goa in november, and stayed at ronils for the week.
it was a great, no frills hotel at a brilliant price.
as part of the thomas cook deal ronils gave us vouchers for the hotel restaurant.
so we ate there several times - it was excellent.
even when we were out of free vouchers we ate there a few mote times as it was such excellent food.
breakfast was included, and was very good - a wide range of both indian and european options, which was nice as was able to try some things that were a bit different, but could revert to eggs if i fancied something more generic.
the room itself was perfectly fine for what we needed - somewhere to sleep.
it was clean and had air con.
it was nothing special, but for the price you pay it's good value.
we had a small problem when we arrived with the safe and the aircon, we reported it to reception and they sent someone to our room immeadiately to get it sorted - excellent service.
location is good, 5 minute walk to the beach, plenty of restaurants and bars nearby.
taxis can either be arranged by the hotel, or drivers are outside the hotel.
really enjoyed my stay at ronils.
this hotel is right on the main road which was off putting when we arrived but with the secure gates at the entrance and security 24/7 it feels like you are well looked after from the chaos outside.
the reception area is large and refreshing with a bar area...this opens out to the pool area and the restaurant.
i was pleasantly surprised to find that with the hotel you get 3 1000rps to spend on food for two people each week.
normally this doesn't excite me as hotel food is never that good but this hotel was different.
the food was excellent.
lunch and dinner was the same menu which was expansive in its options.
it was certainly nice.
the rooms were neat and tidy and cleaned everyday if you wanted.
with tea and coffee facilities and bottled water delivered it was a nice touch.
the staff at the hotel are lovely.
cruz and elvis in the restaurant are welcoming and pleasant remembering your name so that in the mornings you always get a friendly welcome to breakfast.
the sun loungers all appear new and well looked after as well as the pool area.
the hotel was definitely worth staying in and somewhere we would go back to.
selected this hotel only for location.. only 10mins walk from the baga beach .. the location is really crowded.. specially during peak season.. service is below average.. definitely not value for money.. seems more importance is given to foreigners..
rooms are good & clean.. breakfast was average.. so much option but no taste.. wifi is chargeable.. even the shack near beaches offers free wifi now a days..
nothing much to write about this hotel.
i am an indian national working in the uk.
thought of visiting india through thomson holiday package in christmas.
my honest feedback after the tour is as follows, which may help other visitors from uk in the future.
what you can expect: this is a two plus star hotel (not looking like a resort) in real standards i have experienced.
thomson website must take off a star to make it ttplus in place of ttt to prevent from misleading its customers.
from now i will book only tttt/ 4 star hotels in india from their website.
in terms of indian standards the hotel is well furnished and equipped apart from my personal discomforts.
that means: twin room = a small bath-attached room with a kingsize double coat can take most of its space with a timy balcony; bathroom = a watery & wet washbasin, toilet and shower in a single room with a curtain to cover the shower area; dial 555 for reception and 666 for room services; a tiny lcd tv; a small wooden table and a wardrobe shelf- everything in old/used condition; dusty room with average maintenance.
awful factor is the bathroom, especially the watery washbasin.
my personal problems were - the bathroom - exhaust fan was not working.
everyday i used to ring 666.
typical indian answer: " yes sir, we will do it!".
no carpets inside the room, so that the floor was always wet, and the bathroom was untidy after its use.
wash basin blocks after its use, with slow water drainage.
good thing was the staff personnel were good though were not much responsive.
regarding food- first day i ordered chicken biriyani which was partially cooked.
it wasn't worth it (£4).
next time i ordered prawn fry a plate and goan fish curry and rice, which was good but they brought two plates instead of one.
the best attraction of this hotel is you can have a variety of unlimited breakfast meals in the morning.
internet: no free wifi.
i spent £15 for internet connection which was not worth.
slow connection.
swimming & recreation: pools are okay.
untidy seats.
no gymnasium.
reception services: they were good and responsive most of the time.
arranging taxis and private hire- ok. one night i had to go to train station and i had to wait 30 minutes for them to arrange a taxi, which i have asked them 3 hrs back.
location: dusty and crowded, busiest area, narrow roads and heavy traffic.
hold your partner's hand always when you are out.
baga beach has lots of fun like water sports, dancing pubs and more.
to get the pool side view room, i paid the hotel £45.
overall experience: cheated by photoshop marketing by thomsons.
this is a good lesson.
i will make sure the best next time with my money.
regarding hotel, there is nothing odd here.
this is what you can expect from a 2 plus star indian hotel.
if you want to stay close to the beach and in a safe place, this hotel is good (there are other hotels you can check with thomsons/ thomas cook it seems).
if you want to offer your wife or girlfriend a season's treat, by booking this hotel,you will end up in a mess.
if you need a place to stay peaceful with good eu standards, look for 4 star plus hotels with a lounge and with free wifi included in the package.
don't beleive the photos as they always show the best part of the location.
it was not worth the money i paid to thomoson uk (£800pp for 7 nights).
there were better hotels for the same price range.
because my gf wanted to stay near the beach (expecting a seaview), i booked this hotel.
and lastly, this trip was a good lesson for me and i will never visit this place again.
all rooms are clean.stuffs are too good.i just love this resort.
and all services is excellent.
the hotel is on the baga main road, a 10 minute walk to the baga beaches, so the location of the hotel is really great.
our room was on the 1st floor and quite nice - on the smaller side, but clean and a good mattress.
service is on the slower side, but otherwise manageable.
two things definitely need to be taken care of in this property - (1) enforcing the pool rules strictly - people wear anything and everything and jump into the pool and also create a racket.
it's so bad that we just couldn't use the pool at all, and (2) better quality breakfast - while the spread is fairly decent, the quality definitely needs to be improved.
upon check in @ around 3am, no issues given room b05 pool facing room deluxe room with air con, clean bedding and towels everyday.
the rooms are very basic with large bed, the shower room was very bark but good shower.
the rooms are in need of a upgrade as marks on walls.
the breakfast is very basic.
we never used the hotel for evening meals so i am unable to comment, the staff are very friendly and polite.
wasn't very happy with mr austin.. in regards to the christmas gala dinner, we told them we wasn't really bothered to attend as i know it would be more catered for children.
the day before christmas eve i received a call to say they wanted us to come and pick a table and would like us to attend so out of courtesy we said we would go, we went to book a table, he was very un help full and said we didn't want to go so i don't have a table.... you called our room and asked us to come and book, i said forget it we wont come on return from the beach @ 6.30 pm we was approached by mr austin he said mrs taylor i have booked you a table please come and join us it starts at 7pm, i said no thank you.
we never attended but other guest said it was more for children.
upon departure - we asked mr austin for a room, he told us he would sort it and not to worry and come back in the morning @ 9am, when we arrived at reception mr austin was not there the receptionist told us he was coming we waited 30 mins .... still no mr austin he was the only person that could allocate any rooms.
the receptionist then told us there was no rooms available at this point i asked to speak to the manager as mr austin had promised us a room, i explained to the manager that mr austin had promised us a room on departure and it would be sorted, he asked us to come back in 30 mins as mr austin has to look at the arrivals to see if we could have a room, when we got back we was allowed to keep our room on which we was grateful for ...... if mr a is the only person that can sort rooms out what would happen if he was unable to attend work one day????
our pick up was not until 9.45pm so me and my partner went for a walk and was sat in a small bar chatting and someone stole my bag this contained our travel documents passports, and other belongings, we went back to the hotel to the receptionist was very helpful and called our rep who was no help at all, we had to go to the police station no one could help us we had to make our own way, when we arrived at the police station we was advised our passports have been found we went back to the hotel and had to make our own way to the airport.
i really don't know what we would not have done if we didn't have money in my partners pocket as all the other money was stolen with the bag.
overall average hotel, you can find cheaper and better rooms outside, i would not recommend anyone to book with cosmos as sydney was never at the hotel if you needed the rep you had to call him, and was definitely no help when we had our bag stolen 45 mins before we left.
great start!
we waited 2 hours on arrival for our room,(annoying to say the least).
our first room allocated was a nightmare-banging & clacking all night from a generator above, we had little or no sleep for 3 nights.
but i have to say that once i asked to be moved my request was dealt with immediately by the manager.
2nd room was much better and quieter.
room was clean and ample space for our holiday, overlooking the small pool.
however we would never have dreamed of swimming in the pool as it was the colour of dishwater which gradually got worse as our holiday went on!
thank goodness for the lovely beaches of morjim & ashwen.
breakfast was fine, however i felt we had to almost beg for a pot of tea each morning as the waiters never seemed to approach us, we always had to go and find them.
the reception staff were lovely as were the room boys and gardeners.
we liked the fact that we had tea/coffee facilities in the room, clean towels each day and pool towels, air con was good too.
the location of the hotel was excellent for us especially as most of the baga road being dug up for sewerage works, which was a nightmare to be honest especially as christmas got nearer and the volume of traffic increased.
all said & done we would stay there again.
rooms were dark,bathrooms in need of major renovation, house keeping poor.
looked like under the beds hadn't been swept for a while,pool was dirty and needed more chlorine.
wouldn't dare swim in it.
overall the location made up for everything.
staff were nice too.
just don't expect too much.
a good place to be in case you like the pool view.
the ambience is also good.
the location is not so good in case you want a beach view or beach facing resort.
the baga beach is walkable from the hotel.
the shopping area is just outside!
we had a lovely honeymoon stay at ronil keys in baga this december.
at first we had a issue with the room, but you can tell a good hotel and manager by how they sort out a problem, and they sorted the issue and a lovely 2 week stay.
the staff are very friendly and attentive, elvis is a lovely chap who helped us with the best places to go in the area.
the manager was also very nice and excellent and approachable.
the hotel has a good breakfast and the location is excellent in the middle of baga and good connections with all the beaches.
taxi's are lining up outside the hotel, our favourite raju, if you ask for him he will give you an honest price and is also a very good driver with good english.
the wifi was not great but this was a problem with baga in general.
great time will go again...
i stayed with my family for 3 nights during dec 2014.
to begin with, i booked online on the keys website and was offered the "keys room with king/queen bed".
on arrival i got to know that the "keys" room actually is a "standard" room and both my rooms (v12 and v20) came with "twin beds".
so there is a disconnect between what is offered on their website and what you actually get.
suggest that the make the online booking more realistic instead of camouflaging the standard room as "keys" room.
there were no other room options online except for an upgrade to a superior room at an extra cost.
the room was ok but could do with some new paint, as there were dark/damp patches on the walls.
else the place is conveniently located in the most happening place in goa and the service at the restaurant was good with friendly staff.
need to compliment the house keeping staff too.
i am currently staying in ronil resort n these people are making me feel guilt that i am an indian.
i might be bit harsh, but thats the fact.
no one in the hotels care if you are a indian.
i asked for water while having brkfast but the waiter just noded his head and shooom..
he was not there again to listen to us.. :-)great na?
well more things to come below.
breakfast - it is so good that better u should not test it.
1) upma - no salt and half cooked.
3) poori bhaji - well this was the only thing which was eatable but hey there is no spices n salt is less too.. why no spices?
read the title again..
this is for non- indians not for us.
5) crispy potatoes - alternate name of french fries.
6) bread butter - can u image there was no butter left?
yes that's true..
well this is for breakfast..
in my next review, i will be writing about the great gala pathetic dinner which took place on 25th dec'2014.
staff is very customer friendly and supportive.
rooms are bigger,cleaner with big king size beds & newly done nice renovations.
breakfast buffet has good choice of menu with nice food.
the much needed car parking is a huge advantage considering the busy location.
had few issues with power failure leading to ac switching off & water problem in bathroom but sorted out immediately by their team.
back from my third visit to the ronil keys resort..really can't fault it..and the staff are so courteous and helpful.
i would recommend to all !
super food, but don't expect a massive choice of english products as this is a predominately indian hotel..the food is great !
i stayed here from nov 19-24 , 2014 and love this place good location and near to famous baga beach .
restaurant menu is very good.the buffet breakfast was great with good varieties.
this place is one you would never regret.
looking forward to my next visit to keys resort-ronil, baga.
nice hotel and in good location.
staff very customer friendly and supportive.
shame no free wifi so really dead as a cementry as people go on the beach bars.
it's cheaper fresh food and cold beers at next to nothing with free unlimited wifi which is great competitive attractions if ronil manager can adopt modern thinking to retain customers within the resort.
it's false tunnel vision as by charging 100 rupees per hour for wifi people are not going to stay within the resort to be comfortable to chill and contact family by free wifi, they will buy ten beers, food and tip staff very generously as we tourist are.
location : i would say it is decent locations very near to baga beach, though you don't have direct access to beach or vision of amazing sea, still you are in the heart of the market , with 24hrs grocery store open in front of you with an atm machine, which makes it very convenient.
its hardly 5-10 minutes walk to beach.you are walking distance 5-7 minutes from happening night clubs and its enjoyable.
ambience : it is beautiful inside with access to swimming pool, so if you dont want to go to beach you can have a good sun bath inside the resort relaxing next to swimming pool, which is well maintained.you can also indulge in reading novels, or indoor games like pool and carrom board.
rooms : rooms are well furnished with decent ambience and comfort for a leisure traveller, soaps, moisturisers etc provided in room are good quality and beds are comfortable to sleep.
every evening there are local bands or singers performing along the pool side and it is enjoyable to have music while having dinner or drinks.
i would say it was a good experience staying at the keys resort.
i had stayed in this hotel from 06th to 10th december 2014 with my wife and had booked after reading mostly positive reviews on tripadvisor and looking up the information and pictures that were published on the keys website.
however, i must say that except for the location of the hotel and maybe the service to some extent, there isn't anything else that is really positive about this place.
we booked the standard room which looks pretty decent on the keys website but we were shocked upon checking-in to find out that the room we were given was nowhere near to what was published on their website.
this room number was a6 so beware if you ever get this room or anything similar to this.
the room literally finishes even before it begins.
this was also mentioned in someone else's post here on tripadvisor but i did not expect it to be true.
we immediately brought this to the notice of the front desk who were not very helpful and so we asked to speak to the general manager of the hotel who is mr. dennis d'costa.
mr. d'costa was not in the property at that time and called us after an hour or so and recommended that we see another room (s5) and if we are comfortable then we can be shifted / upgraded to that room.
we were happy and thankful to be upgraded but had mentioned to mr. d'costa that we would still like to meet him to discuss other feedback to which he promised to meet us later in the day or during our stay.
this of course never happened at all even after a 04 nights stay here.
there are many issues with this hotel and one which is very evident is the lack of communication and co-ordination between the keys management and owners.
my wife and i being hotelier ourselves noticed this disconnect immediately while speaking to the staff at the front desk about the discrepancies with the product sold to customers as compared to what is published on their website.
- the rooms shown on the website did not match that what was shown on the website.
- the website mentions 24 hours room service, but the room service is actually limited hours.
- the rooms are not well maintained and show signs of tremendous wear even though i was told that the hotel was renovated just 02 years back.
it seems that there was more of a touch up or quick fix up job rather than an actual renovation.
- the in-room coffee maker seemed like it was never ever washed as it had a terrible stink and could not be used.
- rooms service menu was not in the room and had to be called for.
room service food was not up to the mark.
the burgers we ordered did not seem fresh.
these were points noticed at the time of check-in itself and i am sure at this rate there would be a lot more feedback to give but fortunately for us and the hotel, we spent most of our time outside the hotel discovering goa.
these were few points that we brought up to the ms. vaishali (hope i remembered the name right) from front desk / sales who agreed to the discrepancies but flatly told us to bring it up to the general manager and that the website is handled by the keys head office in mumbai and so not in their control.
the disconnect between management and owners is clear here.
so does this make it ok to publish wrong information on your website??
this isn't helpful information to a guest and this isn't ethical business procedures.
the staff at the coffee shop however provided good service and remembered our daily requests - for example, my wife has a warm glass of water first thing in the morning before starting her day and since we could not use the stinking flask in the room, we had to come down to the restaurant and request this from the staff there.
this was remembered by them every time we came down for breakfast and we appreciate them for the service provided.
this is the only area that has scored some points to bring up my rating to average.
mr. d'costa and the keys management have a lot to do for this hotel.
you guys have a good product and good staff but you need to respect your customers too by providing what you publish on your websites and really looking into the maintenance and upkeep of this property.
and mr. d'costa, when you promise your guest that you will meet them, please do take them seriously and do take the time out to meet them.
after all, it is your guests who other than generating revenue, also help you to improve where required with their genuine feedback.
i hav been to ronil 5 times but this time was the worst experience i an my family had would not recommend my frds.
please keep the standard as before.
maintanice is very poor.
first, they gave us a heavily stinking room.
when i complained, they changed the room.
it was overall an average place, average food quality, below average breakfast.
they charged me for five star hotel rate but it was merely three star place.
i stayed at keys ronil resort from 30th nov, 2014 to 2nd dec, 2014.
i visited with my wife and son.
it is a good pocket friendly hotel right at one of the most happening place of north goa, i.e., baga.
the location of the hotel is perfect.
the baga beach is just 5 to 7 mins walk from the hotel.
the rooms are nice.
the staff is cordial.
the food is also nice.
they served us the specific requested food for my son.
you get everything from necessities to shopping to entertainment to transport facilities within the vicinity of the hotel.
i checked in keys ronil with my wife on 1 december and i had a really delightful stay of 7 days there.
the most impressive feature of keys ronil is its location and its normal tariff rates.
it is located in exact middle of main happening areas in goa, between calangunte and baga beaches, hardly a minute walk to titos clubs.
the tariff is comparatively low than similar hotels.
but its a sure fact that resort experience is worth for money.
the food tariff is also normal when compared to outside restaurants in goa.
ambiance is nice and cool.
they will arrange some music or dance shows daily during season.
the staff are courteous and helpful.
rooms are cleaned every day.
but some things i found bad in this hotel.
one is the tv reception is poor, they are still depended on cable tvs even in these so called dth age.another thing is i reported two times that one of my pipes in bathroom is not working.
they failed to resolve it.
i used that pipe for whole of my stay.
rest everything id fine and perfect.
it's 2pm, check in starts at 1pm.
there was one person on the reception counter dealing with other guests so i waited.
when i was seen to i was told there wasn't a booking in my name.
i booked the hotel off expedia who are not known to make mistakes in my experience.
i was told to take a seat and someone will call me once they have to booking.
after 30 mins of waiting i decided to go back to the reception desk and was told my booking has come through.
i was again asked to take a seat and someone will call me over once they are ready.
after another 30mins i went back to the desk.
the guy at reception noticing my dissatisfaction started to prepare my booking as well as dealing with the guests at the reception.
the guest registration card they prepared had my wrong name, nationality and method of payment.
i pointed these out but he shrugged it off and said he will change it and i should sign it and give him my passport.
after giving me my room card i had to wait for someone to show me to my room.
nobody was free so the guy at reception suggested i go find it myself.
i asked for my passport back but he said i should come collect it in an hour as her hadn't finished the booking yet.
i picked up my bag and proceeded to find my room.
i was in f block which is next to the main road so you can hear the horns of cars most of the day and night.
the room itself was spacious.
the floor was clean and shiny but the walls were filthy.
black marks, squashed bugs and stains on white walls.
bed was ok.
sheets were fine.
the bathroom was clean apart from a smell.
it wasn't horrible but wasn't pleasant either.
the shower had no hot water.
when i told reception they said they would send someone to take a look.
someone came and turned the taps on for 20 mins then told me then hot water didn't work and did nothing to fix it.
they offered only a bucket of hot water.
the tv was small but worked.
safe in the room was ok.
the coconut trees on the premises looked nice.
not worth the £55 per night price tag.
returned from ronil resort yesterday havin spent 2 weeks b+b there.
check in was very efficient even though it was 0300 when we arrived and quite a few guests to process and were allocated a room in v block ground floor.
we weren't delighted with the room as we like upper floors and decided we would ask for a change in the morning.
we were re located to c block first floor with no fuss whatsoever and now had a lovely room overlooking the main pool so would like to thank mr austin for that.
the hotel is very well located for everything in baga and a short walk from the beach.
poolside is a nice place to relax and chatting to other guests quickly realised that a lot of them have returned year after year and i think this says it all on how nice the hotel is.
breakfast was enjoyable as were snacks and good evening menu if you decide to eat in.
waiters were excellent and genuinely nice people who were always eager to please especially elvis who always stopped and had a little chat.
housekeeping was to a good standard rooms cleaned daily and always fresh towels and 2 bottles of water provided.
wifi is available for a reasonable cost and worked in the room too though it is free in most beach shacks and some bars and i think it's time hotels did this too.
evening entertainment is provided from 7.30 until 10.30 usually a singer but once (i think friday)was some indian dancers who were very entertaining but most people go out in the evening so often playing to a small audience.
our return flight was 2am so requested a late checkout and were able to keep the room until 7pm for a £15 charge.
so to sum up we had a wonderful relaxing 2 weeks here would definitely return and would recommend it if your visiting baga.
hope this helps.
had a lovely holiday again.the hotel is in a very good position.
the staff are very nice.
food in the restaurant is good , i think better than last time.
sydney the head chef is very nice and does a good job.
i would return again and would recommend this hotel.
this is a mixed review and based on a two week stay finishing on nov 29th 2014.
like the curate's egg, the hotel was good in parts.
location-wise it's perfect, right on the strip and handy for everything you could want.
reception was also pretty good although when it came to a complaint (about which more later) the traditional indian habit of suddenly losing command of the english language reared its ugly head.
the bar was very good and reasonably priced, given that it is after all a hotel.
the restaurant was pretty good, too.
we stayed b&b and breakfasts were adequate - eggs, toast, cereal, fruit, porridge for the western guests plus a range of asian foods for the indian guests.
we had a couple of light lunches which were ok - all that we needed, anyway.
the staff were excellent.
the hotel has two pools the larger, sunnier pool is at the front and the smaller more sheltered pool at the rear.
we preferred the rear pool simply because of the water condition - it seemed much cleaner, the front pool had a film on the surface largely due to lazy people not showering away their suntan oil before getting into the water.
all well so far but the room was a big problem.
the first room we were given was g8 which seemed ok until you opened up the curtain and went onto the balcony where you were greeted with the sight of a rubbish dump.
this was, in fact, the back garden of a private house so there's not a lot that could be done about that.
the kicker for g8 was the fact that as soon as night fell a swarm of tiny white spiders appeared on the wall behind the bed head.
so we had to change rooms.
after being handed from one clerk to another (then another, then another) we were shown some other rooms.
firstly we were offered g1 which was much smaller and a ground floor room that was right on the main walkway.
the we were offered v22 which was much more to our expectations, or v21 which had a pool view.
we settled on v21 with a pool view but of course had to stump up an upgrade fee of something like gbp 40 per week.
cleaning and housekeeping were excellent.
entertainment was better than i would have expected although there is a local government restriction on live music after 10.30 pm.
so that's it for the hotel except just one thing to note - other reviews advise you to email mr dennis d'costa in advance and make your room requests know to him.
don't bother.
he doesn't acknowledge or reply to emails and in our case take any notice either.
good resort.. location is perfect.
safe n convenient.
baga beach is on walking distance.. u get everything ..
rooms r awesome.
rooms were so beautifully managed.. food is yummy.
staff is very cooperative .
a lovely hotel in the heart of a very very busy baga!
the hotel is very clean, well kept even though the painters were still working on the outside but they were discreet and friendly.
the staff were very friendly, polite and eager to please.
our fellow guests were all there for the same reason, to enjoy the hotel, amenities and basically chill, the only downside to the this was a certain nationality who it seemed were not happy until they were totally inebriated and boisterous & playing the security guards by midnight swims.
however the hotel did seem to promote the use of their laundry service which was rather pricey & boy was the internet charges really high and the package out dated.
it is a shame that keys resort didn't supply internet free for a period of 30 minutes per day so we could send quick messages to family back home, well we are in the 21st century.
the food was hit and miss with no 2 meals being the same but no dehli belly though!
would we go back to the hotel again possibly!
location is amazing , rooms are good , pool was cleaned up same day , staff is amazing , specially mr.syndey (bar-tender) , he was too good and very much co-operative .
and just one advice to upgrade your indoor games , like pool table sticks isn't good and so do change that .
rest of all everything was good , and this was my 3rd stay at ronils .
if you want to stay in the heart of baga this is the place to be!
all the shop restaurants, bars and beach are within 5 mins walking distance.
the staff are very nice, special mention to elvis and surendra who helped us with directions to explore goa and gave us lots of help with places to go.
the room is on the small side and our balcony was horrible and facing a brick road and old property next door.
the walls had big dirt marks on which could have been covered with a simple lick of paint.
the back room was very dirty and in need of some attention.
the location and excellent staff make up for the poor room.
overall a very nice place to stay.
good resort.. location is perfect.
safe n convenient.
in d heart of baga.. u get everything in a snap..
rooms r average.
don't ever go for standard room.
food is okay.
staff is cooperative .
however reception staff is having attitude.
maybe bcoz we had argument regarding d standard room.
i would love to stay again..
i selected this resort because of location and good reviews.
so went ahead and booked through one of the on line website as resort crew was giving a higher quote.
check in process was pathetic....
there were no bell boys to carry our luggage....
check in process took 20-25 mins...
rooms are clean but as mentioned by many...
rooms are small...
location is amazing... by far the best place to stay in baga...
now comes the review of breakfast in the morning...
they have nice range...
but they serve expiry date jam.. .
as most of the people don't see the expiry date on the pouch... on realizing i asked the shef he said we have got the new batch and did not change the pouches...
i had to call mr. denis who is the gm of the resort...
he came and did the needful...
i have a feeling that these guys purposely by such items towards the expiry so that the cost is lower... as this hotel have lot of russian tourist...
i tried explaining them to not have jam but they could not understand as they are not well versed with english language...
i told shef to inform them but he said they can't understand the language.... u could not understand that while check in at the resort they can communicate properly but while addressing such issue they can't communicate...
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
location of the hotel is just awesome .
the room and stay were average, the swimming pool needed cleaning, probably coz it was rainy season.
the best part is location, its just a 2-3 min walk to the bagha beach.
p.s.
so refer the date provided in the review.
i stay with my family on 27 to 30 october ,hotel location is good near baga beach, just walk and you nearest all famous night clubs and restaurant.
hotel service like food average and swimming pool facilities are good.
big plus for this resort is its location.
it's just 1 km to baga beach, 4 km to candolim beach.
there are many restaurants, pubs, bars, shopping centers near to the resort.
safe place for families and couples.
resort has two pools and one restaurant.
buffet breakfast is good.
rooms are good but not great.
ok, average.
ok room, ok standard.
we had our room located to the pool side, and the breakfast is served just there so if you're up to sleep at the mornings, beg for a room far from the pool since it gets crowded and you hear every single voice.
i must have seen 6-10 staff workers at the same place, but it was only one who worked..
we booked 3 rooms together & earlier they gave us one room seperate which was quite an inconvenience..next day it was settled.
best thing about hotel is its location.
good hotel very close to the beach and location is good.
well maintained rooms.food is amazing.
very helpful and good staff.
lot of parking area.
we enjoyed here a lot got really good discount from goayatra.com.
will visit here again.
thanks to all the staff of this hotel.
we stayed here for 2 nights.
rooms are just fit for 2 people - don't put any extra bed - room will cramp.
balcony is also too small.
nice swimming pool & set-up.
house keeping and room cleanliness is fine.
main attractons are its just 100 meters away from titos and baga beach.
all attractions of baga and calabgute can be covered by walking.
you will be always in the middest of goan night life..
stayed here with family for 4 days.
place is immaculately maintained and staff service levels are good.
walking distance from baga and calangute.
plenty to choose for food in restaurent.
nice swimming pool.
overall good option for budget traveller, who dont want to stay facing sea beach.
highly recommended.
the good part is .... nice location, nice property, good food, ample space to roam around the resort.
the bad part is .....
they depend on a local cable operator, i was there for 3 days and for 2 days the cable was not working as it was controlled by someone else.
bad maintainence of rooms, i had to change 3 rooms bcoz in 2 of the rooms the flush was leaking.
lot of pests ... like lizards and bugs.
in all my vote 50:50.
the hotel is at the intersection of one of the best streets in goa.
this street houses many pubs and bars like tito's, manbo's etc.
many other nice places like britto's are 5 minutes walk.
the ambiance of the hotel is lovely and the rooms are clean and nice and pleasantly quiet.
the breakfast is simple yet adequate.
2 pools are a good idea because one can always choose the quieter pool to relax.
would recommend this hotel for location and cleanliness.
just booked for christmas 2014.which has reminded me i haven't wrote a review for last year.so here goes.love this hotel so much the staff cant do enough for you spotless.very local to all bars & restuarants.
foods amazing and very cheap ,the staff are just great bend over backwords to help you.so looking forward to spending christmas goan style my santa hat is all packed lol .so dennis if your reading this i would like to reserve room f5 for when we come at christmas i have emailed you tho .look forward to seeing yous all again....
located at a 2min walking distance from baga beach, keys resort was an ideal play to stay.
the staff was courteous and the rooms quite good but the food was just ok.
the ambiance is very nice and cars can be easily hailed to and from just outside the resort.
the bed-and-breakfast package was decent and the amenities like swimming pool, wi-fi (paid) etc.
are nice.
excellent resort with buffet breakfast at excellent location.best part is all major discos, clubs , beaches are nearby.. only thing which needs improvement is front office desk at resort.
it was only ronil's earlier and now its been taken up.
i heard there was some dispute and you can make out that the place has been divided.
it is overpriced for the amenities, ambiance, little space in the room, average breakfast spread, staff not wanting to cooperate during breakfast, things running out and not being replenished.
it is rightly priced if you want to stay connected and in the centre of all the chaos, mayhem and party scene of baga - very centrally located - you can hop on to the main beach road.
it really depends on what are your priorities and the reason of visit to goa - romantic (avoid), friends (best place if the party types), tranquility (forget this place) or just be.
keys resort being in the center of north goa, every thing we require was with in walking distance.
the hotel has got nice ambiance and the stay was pleasant.
we were pleasantly surprised by the professionalism and courtesy shown by the staff.
a self drive car was arranged unofficially and it made our life easier to go around.
the breakfast was too good as it had south/north indian as well as continental.
would definitely recommend keys.
stayed 3 sep 2014 to 9 sep 2014 and we have taken 2 rooms.
travelled as a family along with my 4 year old son.
my son enjoyed the pool on almost all the days.
my stay with my family at keys ronil from 3 days was a wonderful experience.
the nice, clean and beautiful garden on the pathway and overlooking the room balcony was the attraction of this property.
baga is just a small walk and calangute at a kilometer distance, along with the market just outside the resort.
nice and courteous staff.
the food was quite above expectation and worth value of money.
enjoyed staying here and would definitely consider this property for stay in future if travelling to north goa.
back with a domestic hotel review this time.
traveled to goa in the month of feb which is primarily, a moderate season period.
bang in the middle of baga, keys ronil has a large property that extends inside reasonably, lending a serene ambience.
hotel can arrange for a paid taxi right outside at your request.
beach is walking distance (~1km) and there are plenty of eateries around too.despite being in baga, there's ample parking space within the hotel premises for those who're driving down or using a rented car.
we called for in-room dining once and picked goan sausage as our dish.
it tasted pretty good and was suitably spiced too.
our remaining meals at the hotel were only the breakfast buffet which we enjoyed thoroughly.
it had a vast spread inclusive of eggs, muffins, sausages, cereals, juices and even an indian section which we vehemently avoided!
we booked ourselves in the j block because tripadvisor members seemed to vote that as the most quiet area of the property.
and it was brilliant!
the room space was large and equipped with basic amenities like a fridge (surprisingly empty!
), cupboard, drawers and a tv too.
room was clean and although housekeeping forgot to replenish the sheets one time, they did a good job over the 4 days we stayed there.
slight issue with the shower area, where several flies had gathered for some reason.
on raising the issue, the attendant promptly cleared the area but nevertheless, the flies were back there the next day.
mostly pleasant and prompt.
we didn't really face any untoward moments barring one incident where we repeatedly requested for housekeeping support but there was a considerable delay.
the property has two pools, one closer to the entrance (the big pool) and another (small) one at the back, closer to the block we stayed at.
plenty of sun-beds around both and lots of greenery too.
in front of a group of blocks was a small garden...and paved stones were pathways around the hotel.
superb layout.
we have just booked for christmas 2014 at the ronil which reminded us to write our review from last year!
a wonderful hotel with excellent staff.
the rooms are very comfortable, clean, have air conditioning included and best of all very comfortable beds which is quite unusual in goa!
the location is fantastic, just 5 minutes walk down titos lane to baga beach.
having been to goa numerous times over the last ten years we can safely say this is one of the best hotels to stay in in the north.
we can't wait to go back in december!!
this resort is at superb location and great value for money.
its exactly in the same lane where most of the things are located.
best eateries n clubs are walking distance, you can get a bike on rent jus outside the resort.
atm & supermarket bang opposite, all in all a great experience.
i went with my wife to spend some quality time in goa and was fortunate to find this hotel via tripadvisor.
2.
3.
4.
1.
overall i would rate this stay as excellent as we got more than what we expected in the price we had to pay for 4 nights stay.
stayed in the hotel for only night in september 2014. it was basically visit with my sales team.
the rooms were very clean and neat.
the staff was very hospitable.
the variety for the breakfast was good and quality of food was also fair enough.
i along with 8 of my friends stayed at ronil in august.
it was our big reunion and never regretted choosing the place.
the property is well maintained, the breakfast spread was also pretty nice.
the dinner though was a big disappointment.
but good food is never a problem in goa.
so didnt bother us that much.
have stayed at few places on the baga-calangute stretch, and for this price i will certainly root for the place.
it also helps that it is opposite the popular tito’s lane.
and i must not forget to mention the service.
except for one surly room service chap who didn’t seem too pleased that we had called him to check the phone line, the rest of the staff was extremely courteous and helpful.
4 out of 5 for me.
i have just returned back from a wonderful stay at keys with my family for 3 days.
stay at keys is a wonderful experience i must say.
staff are co-operative, in particular, mr ludovic.
full marks to ambiance, cleanliness, guest service, quality of food and above all it is close to baga beach.
rooms are spacious and well decorated.
we loved the food they served.
most of the dishes are mouth watering.
our next stay in baga must be at keys for sure.
without any hesitation, one can come here and stay and i am sure they will never be disappointed.
we had visited in july 2014. the location is very good.
we stayed for 3 days at this place in august 1st week.
it is very clean, staff is very attentive and service very quick.
check in-check out was a breeze and it is hardly 5 mins walk from baga beach and bang opposite the start of titos lane.
breakfast spread was huge and awesome, clean and good quality stuff.
a huge line of taxis wait outside the hotel.
pool was very clean and fun.
rooms and bathrooms were very clean.
100% recomended.
the change over had certainly brought more efficiency.
the professionalism has, however, made the place colder as a hotel!!
the breakfast was reasonable, the location is the reason to stay there.
the crowd was average.
really nice hotel, extremely friendly and helpful staff, great facilities and food.
definitely will plan another trip there to stay and have already recommended the hotel to other friends.
really good location and had good restaurants and bars within walking distance aswell as the beach.
rooms were really nice and very comfy beds.
overall had excellent servies and were very warm and welcoming staff.
will definitely stay there again.
i like this hotel.will surely book again if visit there.they have very good services with warm welcome from there side.good communication skills.the surround of this hotel is the ups of this hotel its so near to baga beach.
we purchased vouchers through groupon and weren't disappointed .... no underlined clauses to get scared of...the staff was really courteous and warm...we even got our the room with the pool view.
the hotel is very well maintained and gives you the aura of being in goa.
the rooms are maintained well.
i had some issues with hot water, but later solved.
staff is courteous and polite.
my fiance and i stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and three days....we really had a great experience there.... the service was extremely good...the people were kind enough to guide us through.. loved our stayed there..we will surely stay in the same place next time we come to goa..also the food was soo good...the rooms were neat and tidy...stay was very comfortable...they even extended our check out timing which no other hotel does.
kudos to the team.
we went to goa in aug'14 and was little worried about how things will go as it was off-season.
but as soon as we reached goa i fell in love with the weather.
the hotel room was unexpectedly good, it was much more than what i had expected it to be.
it is affordable, clean,comfortable and best of all, it is very close to everything.
the baga beach is just 5-10 mins walk from the hotel.
the clubs, pubs, restaurants and shacks are just few mins walk from the hotel.
you can rent a car or bike just outside the hotel.
it was raining at times during our stay but we enjoyed a lot going for long drive in the rain.
we visited many beaches in north goa.
during off-season most of the places are closed and beaches not maintained.
but baga is one such place where you will not feel it is off-season.
it was so lively in baga area comparatively and staying in a hotel like keys resort made our trip much easier and enjoyable.
highly recommended!
i stayed here for 5 days with my wife.
good and spacious room on 2 nd floor.
buffet breakfast is great to start your mornings.
you can rent bike or car just from rexeption or outside at exit gate.
best location as its just on the starting of tito's lane on baga.
very good stay...i recently stayed in the hotel in june end for 3 nights.
excellent food but bit expensive.nice pool,amenities,beach is just 10 minutes walk .complimentary breakfast was wide spread & delightful.
though am not happy with the cleanliness in the hotel, luckily our room was clean enough.except this our stay at the hotel was good we would definitely come back and recommend to our friends.
we stayed in this hotel during july 24th - july 27th, 2014.
the location is good, but the service quality is pathetic.
specially the team at the reception is completely unprofessional and cheap.
there is no hot water available in the rooms which are towards the reception area.
food quality is average.
barring the location advantage i do not see any great positive aspect of this hotel.
very good..... hotel is located near beach which will take only 10 minutes.
excellent food but was bit costly.
very good service.
nice pool.
nice environment.
for those who like shopping this can help you.
there is many shops near by.
totally everything was good.. nice place have a visit.
can come once again..............
i recently stayed in this hotel from 3rd to 7th july 2014.
amazing locality, very good stay, comfortable, clean rooms with 2 swimming pools.
the service was excellent, so were the staffs.
well trained & well behaved & very helpful.
the restaurant dishes out quite tasty food, i say so after trying out many other options.
the complimentary breakfast was wide spread & delightful.
recently we visited goa and stayed at key resort ronil for two nights with my wife and granddaughter.
everything was good and i could easily rate excellent for all categories.
room cleaning service was superb.
there’s hardly any word to say from arrival to departure, everything was just magnificent.
both the pools were clean.
we were also impressed with daily spread of free breakfast from south indian to continental.
i am so impressed with the services that i now have booked their hotel in bangaluru too for our trip in september 2014.
a must visit to keys resort - ronil restaurant and should try the goan food served out there.
did visit there few days back and was suggested to try out the goan food, must say the taste was to the original, spice exact and freshness of the sea food.
thank you dennis for your suggestion it was awesome !!
go for the stuffed crab !!
lemme start by location - excellent!!
keys ronil is very close to baga beach - say about 5-7 minutes if you are walking.
right in the market, this is also superbly places near taxi/bike rentals and eateries.
the restaurant serves delicious food and the rates are as you would expect in a resort.
we went in a group of 6 (3 couples) and enjoyed our stay in the rooms.
the rooms are spacious, plenty of natural light, balconies, mini-refrigerator, and prompt room service.
breakfast buffet spread is apt, and tastes well.
rooms and bedspreads were tidy.
lastly, very close to tito's!!
go for this resort if you are planning to stay near baga.
everything was good and i could easily rate excellent for all categories.
there is just one downside.
well well welllll.., theirs hardly any word to say from arrival to departure, everything was just magnificient from food to rooms to staff.., at a perfectttttt location from the beach...., hattttsss offf to food and beverage team for their personalised service n friendly behaviour..!!!
we will definatly come again for sure..!!!
me and my wife had a stay in ronil in june 2014.we reached there by recommendation of a grp of visitors who we met at the airport..it is 5 min frm calangute beach nd it s actually at the party spot of goa.the resort doesnt appear vry large frm outside bt its beautiful n surprisingly big frm inside..the executive rooms were nice n spacious..they had a pool facing room fr us.they hv very courteous staff..specially dining and cleaning staff are vry cooperative and mannerful..the breakfast served was vry delightful..and took care of visitors frm allover the world..they had pure desi,south indian, and english brkfast with fresh variety of juices..there ws nothing that annoyed us during our entire stay.its calming to get back frm the loudness of goa to silence and soothingness of ronil..i only wish when we visit the next time, they establish a jim work out and a spa section to add to its quality.
after reading a lot of reviews about various hotels in goa we finally selected this hotel.
i must say while my interaction with the people at the hotel for reservation, i found them extremely courteous & helpful towards me.
really appreciate their hospitality in providing me rooms of my choice and doing all the needful for us.
this is perhaps the only hotel which assured us pool facing rooms which no other hotel did which i feel is really nice of them.
overall am looking towards a wonderful stay at keys hotel and enjoying my vacation.
thank you austin for all the support.
must thank tripadvisor without whom i would have never come across such a wonderful property.
we stayed at this resort between 24th and 27th may and no second thaughts on the excellent service this resorts has to offerr.
the biggest plus being the location of the resort which makes baga beach to accessible just at a walking distance.
well manintained rooms, cleanliness and awesome breakfast to fuel stomach for the day are additional advantages during the stay.
staff always courteous and helping out for all the queries.
no nonsense in and around the resort and just spend happy times with the loved ones during the entire stay.
worth exploring!!!!
stayed at ronil a couple of times.
the location of the hotel is perfect if you are a party animal.
we were a group of friends - all girls.
its a pretty safe location.
the hotel is very close to tito's, brito's and various other famous eating places.
the beach is also a few steps away.
baga beach is nicely populated and very famous beach.
there is shopping also around - if you are ineterested in buying beach/goa wear.
we only had breakfast at the hotel which was included in the hotel tarrif.
the sevice of the staff at the hotel can be better.
swimming pool was ok.
rooms were clean.
had a balcony attached.
ac's were working well.
overall, a good place to stay with friends.
people with kids may be bored as there is nothing much to do within the hotel premises, you will have to go out.
ideal for groups of friends.
ronils is a great hotel at a budge price.
the usp is the location as it is walking distance to baga beach and titos.
the rooms are adequate and clean.
breakfast doesnt have a lot of variety, but tastes well.
the only issue is the staff which is very slow and non responsive.
cons: no wifi !!!!!!
housekeeping takes a lot of time to respond.
super unresponsive staff specially during breakfast.
stayed with a few guy friends on weekend of may 8th 2014.
early morning walk in check in, without prior booking.
had stayed many years ago, when it was just ronils.
place is essentially the same except for some changes in the reception area, and minor upgrades in the rooms.
would recommend this place if you are looking for no frills, decent rooms, non-beach facing.
though the baga beach via titos lane is walkable.
this hotel is just at the beginning of the titos lane, with plenty of bars, restaurants etc.
the hotel itself is pretty decent and fairly inexpensive, with a decent breakfast included.
clean pool, clean decent sized rooms with mini fridge (you can stock up yourself) but who would want to drink in room when you have that many bars around right next door which are open till early morning.
keys resorts- ronil is an awesome resort to stay.
you get a star facility and services at much lesser price than a star hotel.
my family and i just loved the place.
when you enter the hotel, it gives you a feel that this facility is a star facility.
their décor and interior is very classy.
you go further in and see this cosy resort with a pool in the center and rooms surrounding it.
the staff is wonderful and very courteous.
we were a big family and had booked 3 rooms.
they gave the best rooms in the resort, on the ground floor with a balconies opening right towards the pool....just wonderful and the kids freaked out....
the pool is awesome with a good depth of 7 feet at one end....very clean and nice.
in the evening, they turned the entire poolside to a wonderful music lounge with live singing & music.
we could enjoy it even from the balcony of our rooms.
the hotel has a nice breakfast as well with a decent spread.
food quality was good.
location of the hotel is great....it's on the baga main road and all the food joins & bars are within 5 minutes walk.
baga beach and tito's is about 200 mtrs.
the nightlife on the tito's lane is awesome...its a must to do.
great time in goa and thanks to ronil resort!!
ronil keys is the largest hotel in baga, from what i could see - this hotel is on the main road through baga, it's about 7 minutes from the beach.
services around are great - there is a 24 hour supermarket opposite, an atm about 3 minutes walk away and there are loads of really decent restaurants close by.
the hotel itself has two pools, a bar, 2 restaurants and 24 hour reception.
there is wifi - however, this is not free and costs around 110 ruppees an hour - although better deals are available.
each of the rooms have good sized, clean shower rooms, ac, safes and the usual sat tv etc.
beds are extremely comfortable.
on the subject of rooms, you will need to pay extra for a room with a vaguely decent view - it doesn't matter though, there is so much to do in and around baga, you probably won't spend too much time in the room.
the staff are extremely friendly, and help is always at hand.
the service in the bar and restaurant is excellent and the gardens are kept to perfection, by a team of 1 gardenier who does a fantastic job!
let's be honest, this is not a 5 star hotel, but it is an extremely strong 3 star +.
if you are looking for a relaxed place to stay with a much needed pool serving cheap drinks and food, then this is place for you.
the food served in the restaurant is unbelievably good, with excellent breakfasts each day - included in the price - there is an omlette bar and a dosa bar too.
the food, at lunch/dinner is great quality, tasty and cheap - with a lunch (with beer, oviously) for 2 costing about £4-£10 - this is slightly more expensive than the local restaurants, but it is worth it, and let's face it you are never going to find anything this cheap any where in the uk, europe, or pretty much anywhere else on earth.
i would recommend this hotel, in fact so much, that i have booked to go back there next year!
the hotel provides fridges in each of the rooms, and there is a supermarket opposite to buy drinks (spirits, beers and wines included).
the staff have no issues whatsoever with guests bringing in drinks from outside.
we love it here!
we stayed during march 2014 and again the friendly staff really made our stay.
we were here last in 2011 and some of the renovations took us by surprise.
it's a shame the outdoor ovens and the bar have gone but the new reception was great.
we love the food here and they even made me a lovely birthday cake!
the waiters are great and it was lovely to see the same faces again this year.
the room cleaners do a fab job and we had no issues with the room.
can't wait to come back!
i had read number of reviews from the traveller and now booked the resort for 4 nights five days for 6 people.
i visited in april on 16th till 26th.
the booking was made by me directly on phone & the staff especially felix was such a good guy that he arranged a special cake for us as we were reaching on our anniversary.
we were given a pool facing room.
the resort is very beautiful.
just a stone's throw from tito's lane which made our stay very comfortable.
all the staff was very well behaved & made sure you enjoy your trip.
the only put off was the taxi arranged by the hotel from outside, the taxi driver was rude enough & made sure that he did not stop just to buy a lock on our way to the airport.
but, the hotel was amazing.
also they serve different breakfast daily so that u dont get bored eating the same thing.
i was here in the last week of march.
the property is very good and has one of the best locations, baga beach is just 3 mins walk with the best of the night life.
i was in the standard room, rooms were decent, house keeping and other staff are very polite and helpful.
the bathrooms are little small with basic amenities.
the sad part was veg food, didn't like it much.
not sure about the non-veg food.
the breakfast for 3 days had same items.
they have 2 well maintained swimming pools and a bar next to the reception.
other facilities i could see was a tt table.
but overall a decent stay at reasonable price.
i was in this property for the annual meeting in the third week of april, had terrible time.
breakfast is the only good food time rest of the time food was horrible.
room service is one of the worst.
rooms are small and not enough for two people.
bathrooms are shabby and less utility.
a.c was not functional fully needed fans along with.
swimming pools was not clean and had poor hygiene.
conference hall was ill managed.
front reception not cooperative.
people who have experienced keys property in bangalore and trivandrum do not expect any comparison.both are two distinct ends.
i visited goa in third week of april with my friends.
we got a standard room through online portal named groupon at discounted price.
we spend 6 days in the hotel.
at first look the hotel was good with a big swimming pool in centre and bar in front of reception area.
the food was good but we only had breakfast which was complimentary with our package.
we had heard about key hotel properties to be good as our colleagues have recommended in other parts of the country.
only disappointment was the wi-fi and internet facilities which were very costly as compared to anything else in goa.
hotel was charging hefty amount of rs.100 per hour and rs.550 per day for usage of internet which is in fact very high as compared to other hotels which offer complimentary facilities in their package.
also if you compare a beer price which is only rs.55 in goa i feel internet should be free.
i even talked with gm of hotel but he was also helpless in this regard.
i want to convey this message to management of key hotels to kindly look into this issue so that guests feel delighted when they visit next time.
its not for us but for everyone.
atlast i will recommend my friends and people who read this review that they should stay in this property when they visit goa next time.
i stayed here two nights, on 19th & 20th april 2014.
the location of this hotel is ideal, a walking distance to baga beach, through titos lane.
the room was neat & clean.
the ac was working effectively (centralized ac) & hot water supply in bathroom was round the clock.
both the swimming pools were well maintained.
the complimentary breakfast was good enough, with multiple choices.
the staff was also cooperative.
the candle light dinner, near swimming pool, with pleasant orchestra was unforgettable.
this place is really nice and i will recommend my friends to enjoy their stay in key resorts - ronil only !
keys resort ronil in goa is very close to some of the most happening night spots and beach front eateries and is just a 5 minute leisurely stroll away from baga beach.
its ideal for all ages and people who want the extra comfort and the luxury that goes with class at reasonable prices.
keys ronil is truly an experience at every moment you spend there .
a hotel which is so well positioned , closest to the best shopping area ,keep walking around no cab required.bagga beach ,titos,mambos all just a walk away , ice cream joints baskin ,natural just opposite .
supermarket norm even just opposite with many chemist shop.
best part is when you enter in every staff from watchman to receptionist to waiter to chef to gm is courteous ,everyday each one will add value to your experience.
at dining area live band adds to your experience .sebastiao n david who takes your order are great individuals who enhance your experience.
general manager dennis dcosta if you meet you will know why key ronils can provide such great experience ,he himself involves with people so much , takes decision very fast.
2 swimming pools adds to overall look of hotel .
if you want to come to goa my honest admission after my great experience of a decade of month on month travel is you should come to keys ronil n experience what i shared .
all in all it was great vacation for us .
we stayed in march 8th time in goa and 7 times at the same hotel.
love everything about it and have just booked to go back at beginning of december.
we requested a quiet room and that room was allocated to us.
recommend this hotel to all and the best bit is we didn't see one rusdian at the hotel so everyone's safe with the breakfast and noise.
stayed here 10th march to 25th march.
the first room we were given had a broken safe and the a/c was noisy.
they found us another room the next day which was fine.
the majority of staff here are excellent, very friendly and polite, davidas, cruz, paul, sydney and elvis in particular.
the food was good and the location is great.
you can have the peace and quiet of the hotel or a short walk to baga beach.
this was our 5th visit to goa and we would consider this hotel for our next stay.
our second visit to goa and the ronil and we weren't disappointed.over the past year they have made some tasteful improvements to the resort which add to its charm.the room (a02) was just what we wanted.a decent size room with everything you need for a comfy stay.the staff as last year,were friendly and always willing to look after us with whatever we needed.my only complaint is the wifi,£5.50 for 24 hours for each device is nothing but robbery.when you consider you can get it for nothing in every beach shack in goa!!!
stay at keys resort ronil at baga is an experience in itself.
being close to baga beach makes it even better.
the hotel ambience, the rooms, service, cleanliness, evening live performances... all go towards making it one of the better resorts to stay in.
the staff is ever helping, courteous and always willing to go the extra mile.
i would specifically like to mention the warm and friendly interactions i have had with the following: dennis (gm), austin (front office manager), felix, sydney, newton, milton...
i really enjoyed my stay at ronil's and looking forward to more in future.
travelled to goa for the 1st time 14th march for 2 weeks and checked into the key resort ronil, what a surprise, a gem in baga, would highly recommed this hotel, we stayed in block d just at the side of the main pool, large spacious airy room, fantastic shower, flat screen tv and the most comfortable bed we have slept in, bright spacious dinning area and lovely breakfasts, omelettes to die for.
very friendly staff, location in the heart of baga at the top of titos lane everything you could want on your door step bars restaurants and an ideal place for people watching which is a must in baga, securtiy guards were very friendly guys always had time for you..
the ambiance of the swimming pool is really good , packed with gr8 live performance.
the location of the hotel is another plus point coupled with in-door games makes it a pleasant living.
ample parking space also helps a lot!
fourth stay at the ronil, clean,staff are friendly , nice clean grounds,hotel n rooms have had a upgrade ,tea /coffee making facilities ,a/c fridge ,food was very nice lovely goan currys ,buffet breakfast ,, beach a stroll down tito,s road,central to shops bars and other restraunts ,fire and ice nice steaks,kindman nice sunday dinners n pork chops ,jamies place ,baga famous for jewellry n diamonds see prince jewwellery down csm road ,would certainly recomend this hotel .
we got some advice whilst on holiday in turkey that goa was a must see, different views on north vs south, but we opted for north as it was going to be livelier and promised much more to see, we weren't disappointed.
the keys ronil is really at the heart of things, right across from the bustling tito's lane, literally a 1 minute walk to bars and restaurants (you really need to walk 8 minutes up the lane however to the royal relish and try that at least a couple of times).
back to the hotel, the rooms were more than adequate, though by no means luxurious, a very good super king size bed, sufficient wardrobe and cupboard space, room on top of the wardrobe for a couple of cases, very good shower, air conditioning and a safe, tea and coffee facilities.
rooms were kept clean every day with regular linen changes.
top tip here is to drop your room boy 100 rupees (£1) every other day or so, rather than wait until the end of the holiday, this will ensure you get great service, and probably a bottle of water every day in your room.
the food in the restaurant is excellent, even the buffet breakfast is exceptional, you really can have curry every meal... but also omelettes and pancakes etc.
and fresh fruit.. only complaint i have is the wi-fi, but this appears to be the norm in goa.
you can buy access at £1 an hour, or 24hrs for around £6.
however for someone who wants to check emails etc.
twice a day for around 5 minutes at a time, this means, either paying £2 a day (2 sessions) no big deal but having to enter a new 20 digit code and re-registering every time... not for me") your alternative would be to buy for the fortnight, that would be a whopping £80+).
the pool area is very nice, lots of shade, nice dining area, good quality furniture, and a decent (though not special) pool.
no, despite all the good points in the hotel, the staff being wonderful (special thanks to cruze in the restaurant), the wi-fi issue have meant that when we go back in february we wont be staying at the ronil, though we have booked nearby, shame but maybe that's just me.
i stayed for two very pleasant weeks at this hotel eating in its restaurant for about half of my evening meals.
the hotel is itself a tranquil oasis from the constant noise and traffic chaos of the local roads.
the hotel and bedrooms were kept clean with a large number of staff tending the rooms and grounds.
my room was in the j block at the back of the hotel with no noise from the outside, the room was large with a comfortable bed, good air conditioning and a ceiling fan, the only downside being that the balcony was on the small side.
the 2 pools were clean and well-tended with just enough sun loungers and sun umbrellas available, although maybe more loungers and less tables and chairs would be a good idea for the pools and garden spaces.
the restaurant was generally very good with a varied buffet breakfast of both indian and european styles available.
other meals were full waiter service with a large but fixed menu.
for half board stays you were issued with daily vouchers worth 500 rupees (beware as they did try to give children vouchers for 250 even though they were paying full adult room rate).
the vouchers would cover a good meal but could not be used towards any drinks so that even if your meal was only 400 rupees and drinks were 100 you still had to pay the 100 as an extra and loose the 100 from the voucher.
the location was good with the hotel being a a 5 to 10 minute walk from the beach but having to dodge the traffic with the motorbikes and scooters being a particular hazard.
stayed in march 2011 ..... had a great time food great .
brilliant location stayed in candolin and by fort ok but not baga since our last trip .
i was at keys resort ronil, baga for my 1st anniversary trip and this was my first stay at keys resort.
the rooms are very neat & clean.
room service very good.
staff very good.
great food.
bathrooms neat & clean.
overall i would strongly recommend keys resort ronil if you want to stay in baga.
it is also hardly few meters away from baga beach, titos & mambos.
great hotel, recommend it, we stayed for 2 weeks in february and paid extra for a balcony room, it was well worth it.
my only criticism is that you had pay for the wifi, where every where else it's free including all the beach shacks and restaurants, why cannot the hotel be the same?
this is the second time we have stayed at ronil after comming to goa for 25 years and what a wonderfull stay we had,the improvements are excellent and the hotel is even better than last year even though we had no complaints then,once again thankyou to cruz for looking after us in the resteraunt you are a asset to the ronil.also what a wonderfull plane the dreamliner is.back to normal now but looking forward to staying at ronil again next year we couldnt fault it.keep up the good work and thanku to the management for our wonderfull stay.......rita n john wood.
this was our fourth visit to goa and whilst we normally stay in candolim we decided to have a change this year and try baga.
i have to say that having now experienced baga our preference would lie with candolim.
for us baga is geared more for the younger generation especially the bars and clubs on tito lane which is very lively.
in contrast the ronil provides a very comfortable quieter haven amongst the hustle and bustle of the area.
the hotel location is excellent, tito's lane is virtually opposite where you can walk down to the beach in 5mins.
turn right out of the hotel and you can walk to the beach at the end of the baga/calengute road(15/20mins) or turn left to calengute, it is walkable but a cab would be a better option for 100rp.
prior to travelling out to goa we emailed a request for a pool view room in block v and we were not disappointed.
(see attached plan of ronil block layout).
the only criticism is that we were told that pool view rooms were regarded as an upgrade and we had to pay and extra £5.00 per day.
also there are deluxe rooms available that will cost £10.00 per day extra.
whilst the room we had was brilliant we did feel a little aggrieved since we spoke with some residents that had pool views in other blocks and did not have to pay any extra.
i suppose if you want to take pot luck then that's your choice.
the room was very spacious and spotless.
our cleaner did a really good job and our towels were changed daily without needing any reminders.
the toilet /shower did have a little mildew on the ceiling but a least the shower head was good.
its refreshing to have a shower that didn't fall off the wall as it does in many hotels.
don't forget to take your own sink plugs.
we did read other reviews on tripadvisor about avoiding certain blocks around the main pool due to noise from the entertainment.
we found that this was not really a problem since the entertainment was rarely loud and finished around 10.30 to 11.00pm.
the buffet style breakfast caters for all tastes from continental to english to indian and is very good.
travelling with thomas cook we were allowed three meal vouchers per week worth 800rp each.
we reserved a table by the main pool and used the vouchers towards our evening meals which were very good and made even better by the excellent waiter service.
the waiter service in general is excellent nothing is too much trouble and everyone is very friendly and accommodating.
we were surprised by the lack of free wifi.
why the ronil feel the need to charge its residents for wifi connection when most bars and beach shacks offer it for free just seems to be a penny pinching exercise.
the bar in reception closes at 11.00pm which we thought was a trifle early.
we were told by the barman that it costs more to have the licence extended.
oh dear not another penny pinching exercise.
surely its not unreasonable for residents to expect a later bar than that.
the only major disappointment was on our day of departure.
we asked if we could keep our room on for the day since we had a late pick up.
we were told that we couldn't because the hotel was fully booked so we had to be out by 11.00am.
furthermore we asked if there would be a courtesy room available later on so that we could shower and change, again we were told no.
as things turned out our flight was delayed by 24 hours and somehow the hotel found us a room for the next day in block b (pool view) which we didn't have to vacate until 9.00pm.
funny that.
that said our overall experience of the keys resort-ronil was very good and we would not hesitate in recommending it to anyone travelling to baga.
just a suggestion to mr d'costa: it might be useful to avoid confrontations with residents on arrival if you liaised travel agents and ask them to make it clear in their literature that there are different room rates.
that way people could manage their expectations better.
i have pointed out a few little niggles but these do not detract from a most enjoyable stay at the ronil.
overall we had a great experience and should we return to baga in the future would definitely be looking to stay there again.
i have stayed in the hotel from 17th to 22nd march 2014. this is my second time in this hotel.
its a fantastic hotel.
deluxe rooms are spacious and standard rooms may be short space if you have kids staying with you.
deluxe rooms also have a sofa cum bed.
staff and the manager is completely professional when it comes to hospitality.
very well maintained property.
good breakfast and other food.
location is the usp of this place.
you can just walk to baga beach in 7-8 minutes through tito's lane which is the most happening place in baga and shops, pubs, night clubs in this lane are all open till very late into night ( 2-3 pm ).
try mambo's night club in this lane.
i went there on wednesday ( they have angels and demons night on wednesdays ).
it was awesome.
try saturday market at anjuna beach ( i missed it this time due to flight dates ).
saturday market is fantastic.
stayed at ronil resort from 16 february til the 1st of march.
i found this hotel to be really good, didn't really know what to expect in goa seeing as this was our first time there.
i would like to thank the staff and general manager for our stay there.
the rooms were very spacious and the swimming pools were very clean.
concerning the staff in the restaurant, cruz and romario were really good.
i hope to return one day and definately return to the ronil hotel.
this was our honeymoon trip and it was all that i expected.
keys is situated right in the middle of one of the most happening places in goa - baga.
a stone throw away from clubs like tito's and mambo and baga beach.
still the hotel is quiet and peaceful.
the rooms are nice and clean although a bit cramped.
the pool looks inviting and the food is great.
the staff is ever helpful and ready to please.
two let downs, a very poor cable connection to the tv.
called room service about it and it was fixed to some extent.
but i really wish they would provide dth.
the beds were somehow uncomfortable (coir and spring mattress i guess), even in the executive rooms facing the pool where i was put up.
on the whole a great place to stay.
keys resort-ronil is a nice resort located bang-on the most happening location of goa i.e.
baga.
it is just 5 minutes walking distance from baga beach through the famous tito's lane.
calangute beach is 15 minutes walking.
pool view facing deluxe rooms are good.
rooms are clean and spacious.
room service is a bit slow and needs improvement.
breakfast served is good.
lunch and dinner options are good as well.
lot of restaurants are present just outside the hotel to add to variety.
lot of more eating options are available on baga beach as well.
book in advance and clearly tell what you want.
we are part of a hard core of regulars that return to the ronil year after year.
this was our 17th year there and this year we stayed for 6 weeks.
the entire staff, who are the cornerstone of the hotel, are excellent - very friendly and welcoming.
we found nothing was too much trouble for them to ensure we had a very comfortable and happy stay.
although there were just one or two issues with the food , in general it was very good.
the main problem appeared to be serving hot food all together but , as the management are already aware of this, i am sure these issues will shortly be sorted out.
the hotel remained much the same for 25 years so improvements were needed and indeed the new management have already carried out some much needed refurbishment of the rooms, the reception area has been completely upgraded with the addition of a bar and there is new furniture in the restaurant and around the two pools.
the restaurant area has also been redesigned and now has a canopy.
we were informed that further improvements will be carried out later this year so it will only get better.
one mistake i feel has been made is the removal of the outside tandoor which, to me, typifies indian food and made a very good visual impact on guests.
when you think tandoor you think indian food !
i hope that ways can be found for it to be reintroduced.
finally, a public thankyou to the manager mr dennis d'costa.
on the day we were due to fly out of goa the taxi drivers went on strike and there was no practical way for us to get to the airport.
bearing in mind we were independant travellers it did pose a considerable problem.
dennis personally intervened and ensured that we caught our flight.
yet another indication of the level of service you will receive at the ronil.
in its class i regard this as the best hotel in the area and we hope and fully expect to return next year which in itself is a recomendation.
we were at the keys ronil from the 28th of feb to 2nd of march 2014 for a college reunion.
the resort is ideally located, close to baga beach for the party loving types, across the road from tito's lane an just 10 -15 min walk from britto's lane.
the hotel itself has a pair of very tastefully constructed swimming pools, the coffee shop has a very good spread for breakfast.
the rooms are clean & fairly large though a trifle spartan in decor for my taste... but then who goes to goa to stay in their hotel room all the time?
the staff are very helpful, courteous, professional & prompt in their responses.
definitely worth the money.
thank you dennis (gm) for a memorable stay.
i had a really good family vacation at keys ronil.
the room, pool and facilities in general were very good.
the staff was courteous and very helpful.
the location is, of course, amazing.
overall, a great place to stay.
stayed at this resort for four days starting from 25th feb 2014 with friends.
an good resort at an awesome location.
its close to the baga beach and also to the always hot n happening calangute.
the staff were very polite although i felt they were bit more polite with the whites then we indians.
rooms were clean although the bathroom was a bit dissatisfying factor.
very small bathroom.
food is good.
breakfast was great.
pool was good enough.
we stayed here from 26th jan. to 30 th jan. we had booked two rooms facing pool room.
s01 & s04 for two families having 2 kids each.
the environment and staff is very nice and always ready for service.
i would certainly suggest this hotel for stay.
will plan my next tour to goa in 2016 and will be delighted to stay in this place.
well where do i start.
have been travelling to goa for over 15 years but have not been for two years.
the hotel has been refurbished and wow.
the reception and bar area is much more welcoming and relaxing, you are meet the the happy faces of alfred, sydney, apollo and newton who will all look after you in the bar.
try the cocktails they are perfect.
the reception team are all so helpful.
internet is now available which is a bonus.
the pool area has now got new sun beds which are a great improvement and plenty of umbrellas and tables.
the restaurant is great much more spacious.
food was great but on some occasions was cold.
the toilets have been renovated and were always clean and tidy.
restaurant team are fab, can i remember everyone.
cruz, pradeep, prakash, sebi x2, shaker, shaun, karin, paul, manuel, elvis, ... will have to check my photos.
even the chefs come out to say hello, which is a real personal touch.
rooms are spacious and clean with fab new drench showers.
entertainment each night... mondays was my favourite jus leo plays.
was also there for valentines day.... what a party totally amazing!!!
many thanks to denis and all his team for a wonderful holiday 11/10.
hotel is quite well located, with a lot of bars, clubs and beach walkable.
there is a 24 hours store right in front that is a big help.
rooms are quite decent with a balcony in case you want to smoke.
room service is decently efficient.
they created no fuss on anything and was great value for money.
another great stay at the ronil, the refurbishments that have been done are very tasteful and compliment the hotel.
glad to see rooms have been upgraded and are very comfortable.
the shower was fantastic.
i was disappointed to see the tandori had been removed but understand it is being brought back out in public view which is a great focal point when you are dining in the restaurant.
i did feel that the food was not as good as previous years and that on a couple of occasions was not very hot.
i would still recommend the ronil as the staff are fantastic and always make you feel welcome and are so helpful.
great superior pool view room s6, large balcony table and chairs, good food at reasonable prices, bar prices more expensive than out side bars, but not over priced, not easy to get sun loungers but the beach is 5 mins down tito's road .
i would just like to say that after traveling to goa for the last 14 years this is by far the best hotel we've stayed in, from the staff, the food, the service, the entertainment, and by far the best bed i've ever slept in in goa.
we usually spend our days at the beach, but due to the relaxed atmosphere at the poolside we spent most of our days by the pool.
the food, breakfast, lunch & dinner was faultless & by cheaper to eat & drink at the hotel.
although we've never stayed here before we have visited the hotel many times to see one of our friends indy who has been staying at this hotel for many years.
we will most definitely be staying at the ronil next year (need to speak to austin).
we met some lovely people here, dave, mick, zoe, deb & paul, terry & anya, julie & jeremy, bev & peewee, we also met 4 amazing guys anthony, mark, dave & tony, only wish we had more time to spend with them.
so all i can add is... dennis keep up the good work......
the prime reason for chosing this resort was it location.
it is at the most happening street on baga and just 5 mins walking from baga beach.if you donot wish to hire a vehicle and still want to stay back late on the beach then this resort is for u..the resort overall was good with decent facilities.
3) resort architecture, look and feel is good.
over all a good place to chose near baga beach.
it was the 1st time with my wife in goa ... very happy that i booked the ronil keys resorts ... almost everything fro the checkin... to the location, to the room was perfect .. great breakfast, lovely valentines dinner party .. wit great music and fun dancing .. psst.. also won a prize for dancing ... that was the icing in the cake .. staff is wonderful .. me coming there soon .. with my entire family ... thanks for making this trip wonderful !!!!
this is the second time staying at the ronil.
it has been updated since our last stay and we were not disappointed.
the staff are friendly and helpful.
the hotel is clean and the showers are great.
tea and coffee making facilities and flat screen tv in room.
make sure you ask for a room at the back we stayed in a08 and it was quiet.
singers on most evenings but just outside of the hotel there is plenty to do.
there is plenty of restaurants, bars and shops just outside of the hotel.
if you forget to take something you can buy it on your doorstep.
the beach is a 5 minute walk.
we are planning our stay next year.
much better bar area, dining area moved around but much the same as before i thought the breakfast was an improvement from my last visit, choices where mixed fruits, eggs done to your choice boiled etc, porridge cornflakes toast etc etc, plus indian stuff i must admit didnt try but looked liked pancakes filled with rice & veg, to sum up on breakfast ample i thought, any problems with cleaned tables just tell staff on hand & one will be cleaned for you, well done boys cruz & gang, do think the open cooking area was a nice touch in the evening which is now missing shame.
rooms, we were put in a room right on baga road which was very noisey day & night so told reception straight away, the room itself was very modern & well decorated, we were moved the first day to v block which i must say was much quieter but in need of modernization, peace outweighed noise, so thanks again captian philips & staff.
i would like to take this opportunity to say hallo to deb & paul, wayne & dawn, terry & anya, friends we meet in & around hotel thanks for making our holiday a great one, maybe see you all in 2016.
back to hotel locaction of hotel is in a very central position, bars restaurants shops etc all on doorstep, beach a 5 mins walk down titos lane opp, definitely stay at this hotel again, taxis are right outside just make sure you agree price they are very good & cheap, just to give you an idea we paid 1200 ruppes return for an evening in panjim.
4 in a cab £6 quid a couple bargain.
pool area is very nice, but from what i saw sunbeds were like gold dust to get, that didnt bother us because we used beach shacks which are brill, good food & drinks free sunbeds if you spend a few ruppes there.
you can arrange a trip to elephants & spice plantation with cab drivers dont forget to agree price before going.
just like to thank all staff in hotel once again for there friendly & helpful approach from cleaners to reception hope to see you in 2016, any question please ask its good to talk.
we stayed here jan 14 for my husbands 50th birthday.
location was ideal.
pool and bar areas very nice restaurant not so good or clean.
breakfast choice extremely poor but prices are so incredibly cheap in resort it didn't make any difference to our holiday.
if there is any resort in baga which i would like to recommend it has to keys resort ronil... amazing resort, rooms were amazing... amazing goan food, especially seafood.... while entering the resort the lobby made me wow!!
we have been coming to this hotel for the last 6 years every march and have also been in december.
the reason we come back is due to the staff who are eager to please and will go out of their way to help you.
we have stayed in a few areas/hotels but since staying here the first time we do not want to stay anywhere else.
it is centrally located and getting around is so cheap in a taxi.
we are going back in march this year and are really looking forward to it.
i read a comment from someone saying, 'it is not for couples' i totally disagree with this.
the evening meals are amazing and in all the 6 years we have been coming we have not once had an upset stomach.
rooms are cleaned every day with fresh towels.
would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.
second time staying here and i called a few days before arriving to request a quiet room at the rear of the hotel and not on the ground floor.
i got exactly that and so was very pleased.
we were in block b and i think c and a are quiet too.
breakfast was very good, i had omelettes every morning and nice pot of tetley's tea.
we didn't stay around the pool because we prefer the atmosphere on the beach but it did look quite relaxed and clean.
we ate here in the evening on one occasion for a buffet but was not impressed.
the food was luke warm so i only had a couple of mouthfuls and had a slightly icky tummy next day.
our room had a brilliant shower and a large comfy bed.
hotel was very clean and staff very polite and friendly.
i'd definitely recommend this hotel and i will return again hopefully next year.
we recently stayed at the ronil over new year and into january.
when we first arrived we didn't take to the hotel but as the holiday started we changed our minds totally.
the work that the staff put into the new years eve gala was amazing they started the day before and laid on an amazing buffet and decorated the place amazingly.
the staff at this hotel are 2nd to none especially the waiters my favourite was vitthal.
the food was excellent and the added bonus of 3 free meals per week was great.
the housekeeping was great my only criticism was i would have preferred the same room attendant for the duration of my stay.
it would be easier to tip them accordingly if this had happened.
the pool could also have been a little cleaner and at times is shaded by the palm trees or later in the day by the hotel.
place to stay.
i stayed in this property during my visit to goa for ibw 2014.
the most biggest advantage of this property is its location, bang opposite tito street and walk able distance to baga beach.
room size is good can easily accommodate a family of three, but the cottages and building are old and need some repair.
breakfast was again very basic and taste was pretty average.
this place is not for couples who are looking for a romantic gateway kind of holiday.
leaving location rest of the attributes for this property are pretty average.
this is my second review of this hotel i stayed in before (dec 2011).
as before i would like to title the review appropriately - something that in short best describes this place - "ideal location, clean rooms, reasonable breakfast" .
my overall rating too remains the same - 4 stars, that is not necessarily a bad thing though.
i would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.
location: same as before: unbeatable.
the crowds at baga beach have increased substantially though.
i saw many indian tourists gaping / gawking at the bikini clad tourists from overseas, having their pictures clicked.
although the overseas tourists did not seem to mind - some infact welcomed it and posed for photos.
many of the domestic tourists had the penchant of entering the sea inappropriately clad (i.e without swim ware).
we discovered some really nice restaurants along the arpora - baga creek road.
hotel cavala which is close by has a live band which plays amazing music.
property: definite improvement over last time.
ever since keys have taken over they have remodeled the reception, the dining area and the rooms.
in particular the rooms were much improved.
best rooms: in blocks v, g, i and j.
coincidentally, this time too we were allocated the same room as our stay in dec 2011 : room j-05 and we liked the location of the room.
it was towards the rear of the hotel and away from the pool and the main road (both of which can be noisy).
the pool-side has live musicians / singers who play in the evening so rooms near the main pool can be a bit noisy.
service : has definitely improved.
minor niggles were taken care of quickly.
breakfast: this is an area that showed no improvement (perhaps even a minor deterioration).
basic eggs made to order (omelet, scrambled, fried), toast, jam, butter, pork sausages of poor quality, oily bacon (no effort to put the bacon on tissue paper to absorb the oil), tinned baked beans, canned juices, porridge, one counter serving south india breakfast (dosa's were strictly average this time, whereas we enjoyed them in dec 2011), one puri-bhaji option (the bhaji was quite sad), tea / coffee.
since we did not have lunch / dinner in the hotel, we cant comment on the same.
wi-fi: available only in the lobby at a charge of inr 50/- for 1 hour.
free wi-fi would have been appreciated.
would i stay here again?
yes due to its location and the fact that the rates are reasonable.
this was our 10th visit to the ronil and whilst we have always loved the ethos of the place, it was good to see the changes made to the fabric of the hotel since the influx of new money following its purchase by keys hotels.refurbishment of the accommodation rooms resulted in great new showers,( no more fluctuating water temperatures!)
new air conditioning, flat screen tv, new mattresses and soft furnishings, and modern balcony furniture.
dennis d'costa, the manager should be justly proud of what he has achieved here, in the remodelled foyer and bar, now a light, modern , welcoming introduction to the hotel.,and the enlarged restaurant where the food is excellent as always.
improvements are ongoing,and as dennis has proved to welcome guests' constructive comments, we are hopeful that on our return next january, we will be able to get filter coffee - after our evening meal, at least!
arrived 22nd dec for 3 weeks had booked a pool view room which had been upgraded also kettle t bags coffee water all complmentory.
mr dennis we look forward to our next visit and hope you will arrange for us to have the same room just thought i would give you plenty of notive.
many thanks.
we stayed at this property from 8-jan-14 till 14-jan-14 in a pool facing executive room.
the hotel is quite big and hardly 100 mtrs away from baga beach & titos.
they serve excellent goan food and the breakfast buffet was very nice too.
executive room is spacious with a balcony.
i will certainly visit again to this property.
good staff, nice clean rooms, lots of greenery and quiet surroundings if you manage to get a room towards the middle or end of the resort.
breakfast is good.
located opposite tito's lane, baga beach is just 5 mins walk.
perfect location as you can easily walk in and around the busy markets.
just arrived back from our 4th visit to goa and the newly renovated keys resort-ronil and was not disappointed, the rooms have new showers installed, flat screen tv's, kettle and teabags/coffee available, also received a complimentary bottle of water each day.
the new bar situated in the foyer/reception area has been updated and moved from the restaurant.
the staff were extremely friendly and helpful as usual and greeted us like old friends.
we ate in the hotel on several occasions and the food was excellent.
the room was cleaned every day and clean sheets.
i had gone on a short break of 5 days to goa.
as per the recommendation of my brother-in-law, we (husband, daughter and myself) had booked a deluxe pool facing room in keys resort, ronil, goa for 4 nights.
the resort is very conveniently located near baga beach (a happening spot in goa).
the checking in was very smooth and the staff was cordial.
however it should be kept in mind that the hotel has 2 pools.
the major one is just after the reception lobby and a smaller pool [for kids, i presume] is behind the the main building of the hotel.
to our surprise, the deluxe rooms are situated near the minor pool and standard rooms are near the major pool!!!!
the breakfast was good and the service efficient.
the quality of water in the swimming pool was not so good as we found a lot of debris like dead insects and dirt particles from the trees surrounding the pool.
1.
2.
building & rooms : very good.
3.
4.
staff: courteous, pleasant, helpful.
this the third time here just home after christmas and new year.the staff were very helpful and friendly,cleaners pool attendants were always smileing and helpful.hotel has been updated since last year also the room we had was clean and well comfy.although they do let rooms to other indian people so we had abit of noise on a couple of weekend days so beware of this upset ask where your room is!
!.the food is always freshly prepared for you the morning chef was brill with eggs perfect all the time.sun lounges are round the pool with free towels provided each day saves on luggage weight!
!the beach is just up the main street to the left and down the side road past a few shops,restaurants etc and to the beach where there are loads of beach bars with sunloungers,umbrellas etc which are all free!!
its so cheap to eat and drink all day plus the view and walks on the surf are brill.there are beach sellers but be firm and they go away as the beach is policed and some do get caught and taken away.we are already looking again for this winter and will more likely to go back to this hotel as it is secure and clean and near to all amenaties needed.it is worth a look inside if you are not staying here to make a note for the future.
stayed there for 2n 3d in mid oct, location of the resort is excellent, baga lane just opposite, 2 mins walk to baga beach, daily needs 24x7 store just opposite.
everything is available in just 5 mins radius.
hotel was under renovation so little chaotic, but its gonna be great once done.
we had visited goa from 27/12/2013 to 30/12/2013.
although the hotel is centrally located, but the main thing it lacks is customer service and satisfaction.
when we arrived in the morning we were given mediocre room with the with the most dreadful view.
also the breakfast for all the 3 days had very little options, was exactly the same and was just not good.
the staff was satisfactory.
the worst part was that they did not even provide us with drinking water.
and when we complained at the reception they said that "it is the housekeeping's fault, not ours".
it was the most poignant thing.
also we had to pay for our wifi which was rs 50 for an hour.
it is very surprising since there are many competent hotels in goa which were providing wifi for free.
it is huge property which can be made into something much better.
the location was great right next to tito's lane ( which is the most happening lane in goa.
we stayed at the keys ronil (not the ronil royale, don't confuse the two which are next to each other) for 2 weeks over christmas.
we arrived around 11.30 and had to wait till 1.00 to access our room.
fair enough, check in was not till 1.00, but it would have been nice to maybe have been given a cold welcome drink while we were waiting.
it would have made our first impression a little better.
however, on accessing our rooms we were pleased with them.
we had two types of room, a deluxe double and a standard double for single use.
the deluxe was on the third floor (no lift) with a nice balcony, two singles next to each other, a fairly decent bathroom with bath and shower, flat screen tv, fridge, safe and tea/coffee making facility.
no hair dryer tho i understand you can request one if needed.
the air cond worked fine until our last night when it packed up and refused to be mended despite much trying by the maintenance men.
the fan was enough in december.
the beds were very comfortable and when i asked for some extra pillows they were brought immediately.
the standard was on the ground floor, with a 'balcony' overlooking a not very nice view of the farm next door (where snakes lurk, according to the room boys!
), and a dumping ground for broken stuff.
this room had a nice bathroom with a good shower, two beds, tv, fridge, safe, tea making and air cond and fan.
the rooms were kept clean with regular linen change, although the towels had seen better days.
the communal stair and hall areas were however not kept clean- there were frequently piles of dirty plates and glasses with congealing food left outside rooms often for days, but when we mentioned this to the reception they were cleared quite quickly.
the two pools were nice, quite cool, with enough beds and towels.
i would just mention that the ladders into the smaller pool were difficult to use, as they sloped down, so getting out was a challenge and could be dangerous.
the garden areas were kept tidy and well watered.
you have to buy a code of you want wifi ( it's not expensive but a bit annoying to have to use a code).
also you need to stay quite closr to the reception, but it does reach to the pool area too.
the restaurant was exceptionally good.
as other reviews have mentioned, we were given vouchers to use against the cost of food (we travelled with thomsons).
we were given three vouchers per person per week to the value of 400rupees per voucher.
we ate mostly in the hotel restaurant as we found the quality here better than anywhere else we tried.
the waiters were superb, friendly and helpful, full of good advice and one or two had a wicked sense of humour!
(note to mr dennis, if you read this; i have emailed austin asking for him to get me the chefs recipe for murgh lababdar, but to date he has not replied- can you lean on him for me please??).
the price for both food and drinks were very reasonable.
breakfast was good, with eggs made to order, fruit, toast, various indian type things of varying colour and smell, for the brave, and tea and coffee.
we very much enjoyed watching the lights and decorations going up in the run up to christmas day, and really enjoyed the christmas day buffet around the pool.
great atmosphere and great fun.
the fireworks were very lovely.
the hotel is a few minutes walk down a small road to the main beach, lined with shops, bars and restaurants and the 'famous' titos.
there are a few little supermarkets where you can get supplies, and a chemist which sells almost everything including antibiotics and viagra (or so i'm told).
you cannot buy malarone anti malarial tablets unfortunately, one thing i did try to find.
if you want a nice place on the beach, try zanzibar, turn right at the beach, it's a few bars along.
there is free wifi and the beach/bar boys are very sweet.
you can eat, drink, have a massage, pedicure etc etc without rising from your bed!
to sum up, ronil beach is a fairly laid back, comfortable, friendly hotel.
it is not luxurious neither is it basic.
it's in the middle.
the staff are lovely, always ready with a smile and a hello.
the manager, mr dennis, is a fountain of information and a really nice chap.
(especially if he gets that recipe for me!).
if i were to return to baga i would seriously consider returning to keys ronil.
we traveled in a group of 18 people and stayed there for three nights.
the location of the hotel is very good.
at that time some maintenance work was going on.
not so friendly staff.
overall good experience.
of course it is very easy to knock this hotel.
it is not hard to find issues of cleanliness or poor maintenance but this is one of bagas oldest hotels and i think the management are really trying quite hard to address the overall standards.
every request that we made, from extra pillows, fixing the air cond, to moving piled up plates outside bedrooms, was instantly attended to.
you cannot find a better placed hotel, bang in the middle of all the restaurants, night clubs and myriad of shops and bazaars.
ten easy and interesting minutes to the beach and all the beach restaurants.
the hotel rooms are are set back from the road, apart from those situated over the reception, avoid these at all costs.
the grounds are spacious with two decent sized pools and plenty of brand new sunbeds.
there was never an issue with beds as most people went to the beach.
the bedrooms were a good size, comfortable bed, air cond., flat screen tv, tea making, fridge, balcony, safe and full size bathroom.
i asked the engineer to bump up the hot water, no problem.
most travel companies give three days of vouchers for the restaurant and i think you would be foolish not to use them.
the standard of goan cuisine is excellent, probably the best indian food that i have ever had and if you don't believe me, ask rick stein who stayed at the keys and took the manager back to england to pinch all his recipes.
someone said that breakfast was just toast.
well my daily breakfast was a three egg omelette, fresh fruit, fresh rolls, freshly ground coffee and fruit juice.
the staff sometimes appear laid back or indifferent but that's the way goans are.
take the trouble to have a chat and a joke and you will find that that goans are the most charming and generous people in the world.
the manager of the hotel is both interesting and intelligent and very approachable.
so, keys ronil beach is a great place for holiday and great value, maybe a little worn round the edges, but not to the point where it will affect your holiday.
if you are looking for an outstanding, immaculately clean, fancy hotel, go to the taj up the road, you won't have any issues there, apart from your wallet.
upon arrival at the hotel was very impressed with the look of the lobby.
check in was quick after a long flight and the staff are extremeley friendly and polite and are always saying hello in the mornings and even the security outside the front are very friendly saying hello every morning.
the location of the hotel we found fantastic, everything right on your doorstep.
right opposite is titos lane where you have titos which i wouldnt recommend, but walk down titos lane and youll find baga beach.
a hint to other people from the uk.
people will try sell you something every 5 minutes while on the beach, and they think because were from the uk were have lots of money and try charge a ridiculous price for something that actually is sold for 50 or 100 rupees, so i would advise if you have never been to goa before, get a feel of things and prices of things before buying anything, because we learnt the hard way.
back to the hotel, the rooms were okay, we had room a5, which probably could do with a little updating, there was squashed mosquitos on the wall upon arrival and dirt on the walls, but nothing too bad, tv was good and sattelite tv air con and safe are all free.
the food was nice in the hotel and plenty of choice on the menu.
breakfast was pretty much the same every day and we felt that there was not a lot of choice if you didnt want to eat indian food.
there are plenty of other places in baga an calungute to eat, for example jamies in baga and under the stars, they were our favourites.
thank you ronil for a lovely stay and we hope to be back soon.
spent christmas & new year 2012 here and wish we were there again this christmas!
it's a great spot to enjoy the lively end of north goa.
if you have been to goa before you will understand that this place is above average regarding accommodation standards.
the rooms are spacious and clean and the complex is very friendly and pleasant to look at, with lots of plants and flowers every where.
there are two pools, the one in the main dining area is larger than the one at the back, but both are a good size and again they are clean.
we enjoyed the food at the hotel.
we had breakfast there every day and a couple of evening meals, which i must say were excellent.
the point is to explore the area outside, so we tried to eat somewhere different most nights, but in comparison the hotel was good, so we chose to stay there for the new year dinner and celebrations.
it was great fun, entertainment & fireworks!
the hotel is situated in a prime spot, opposite tito's road, which leads down to the beach.
lots of shops, stalls and bar/restaurants around within easy walking distance.
or just grab a cab/tuk-tuk and head down the road to calangute or candolim to soak up more of the sights.
even these places are in walking distance if you want to take time to take it all in.
goa is amazing and you wont be disappointed using this hotel as your base - happy holidays!
this was my 3rd stay at the ronil..the best thing about this hotel is their location...right next to tito's lane..which is hands down the best lane in north goa!
bar is pretty ok...but den u dun need a hotel bar..it is goa!
!beers everywhere!
room service is little slow or maybe it's because we stay in the last part of the hotel.the backside...it takes time for people to reach there..
overall..a fantastic place for party people as it is close to all the bars..clubs and titos lane!!
i did a lot of research before finalising the hotel stay and after days of confusions, finally chose keys resort ronil.
the property is located in the prime area of north goa which is its biggest advantage with all the fun happening around.
most of the hotels in this area are smaller in size with few exceptions of course.
when you enter, the hotel gives a 4 star like feel with 2 swimming pools, a decent parking, nice reception and a restaurant.
however during the stay you come to know why its a 3 star and not a 4 star.
the check in was hassle free for us.
some of the areas need upliftment like the lobbies near the rooms.
the rooms are not sound proof and the noise of the adjoining rooms can be heard.
the rooms are decent otherwise.
we had opted for a pool facing rooms which somebody in a previous review suggested are better.the buffett breakfast consists of pretty regular stuff and is ok.
though we took most of our meals outside the hotel only however the al-a-carte menu is average and needs improvement.
the food quality is fine.
the biggest improvement area for the hotel is the service.
the restaurant staff, except the chef, seems to have no clue about the food if you ask them.
the service time in the restaurant also needs improvement.
the worst part was the service staff who came to pick up luggage at teh time of check out.
he asked us for a tip as he was going off duty.
so we told him to come back for some of the luggage left behind and take his tip also at that time only.
the result was that the guy didnt come back at all and we ourself took the remaining luggage to the reception.
when we raised it at the reception, the guy started talking rudely to us and even the front office guys cud not say anything to him to tone him down.
overall a decent stay which ended on a bad note.
nice hotel in a good location.
the rooms were ok nothing special, the food during the day was fine , we found not very good at night.
the staff were very helpful couldnt do enough for you.the wifi was rubbish needs sorting.
good stay all in all .
my opinion to viewers who are reading if they want to visit goa please stay out here only not any where else....miss you team keys ronil.... hope to visit soon.
great hotel, nice rooms, very effective a.c. friendly staff.
just a couple of problems.
no wifi in the rooms which in 2013 is unacceptable.
nearly every other hotel in the world manages to provide this so why not this one?
similarly, it is impossible to make phone calls to overseas from the hotel and it's necessary to go to the hotel next door to do so.
first hotel i've stayed in the last 30 years where this has happened.
there is a lot less choice on the dining room menu than there used to be and after eating there a few nights we had tried everything we fancied and ate outside the hotel instead after that.
needs much more variety.
food in the sunrise bar, a few doors away is much better, bigger choice and much cheaper, although the place itself is nowhere near as nice as the hotel.
finally, we were placed in a room at the back of the hotel (j06).
nothing wrong with the room except that it was on a landing with three other rooms, which for several days were all let to indian youngsters who were together.
they kept their doors open and were running around into each others rooms, banging doors until after 3.00 am every night, shouting, singing, partying with no consideration for anyone else.
the landing was like a pig sty with half eaten plates of food and other litter dumped in the middle of the landing, and one night piles of hair, after one or more of them cut their hair and threw it on the landing.
they may behave like this at home, but should have more respect for others in a hotel.
we ended up confronting them about the noise one night at 3.00 am and complained to reception the following morning.
they should not have been put in 3 rooms together with older guests in the 4th room.
simple common sense should have told the reservations staff that.
apart from this problem we had a fantastic time and will be back - bringing our mobile phone with us next time.
an excellent place to stay if you want to be close to the action!
the best beach shacks, restaurants and night clubs!
rooms are decently sized with good service.
about 6 kms from candolim beach, but this is the best place to enjoy water sports!!!
i checked in at 'keys ronil resort' during my stay at goa in the last week of november 2013 along with my wife and 6 month old child.
my family was aghast with the earlier hotel 'white pearl suites' ive booked initially and we had checked out 2 days early due to its bad standards and poor location.
now as this hotel felt very good when i visited it casually while walking at baga market.....its ample parking space in a overtly crowded location like baga and pleasing appeal.
hence i checked out of my earlier hotel and got my luggage transferred to this hotel without checking out the room personally.
we paid 5 grands for a days stay but the moment we entered our room we got shockwaves.
the room (f06) they gave us was sooo small and cramped that after placing our bags there was no place to even have food in the room forget about moving freely in the room.
there was any centre table, no side couches nothing.
just a double bed n tiny side table, a dressing table and a corner wardrobe.
thats all which was there in the name of furniture.
no centre table, no couch, no chair nothing.
that was very inconsiderate given the fact that our 6 month old child was accompanying us.
also we had told the hotel reception staff that we checked out of the earlier hotel due to poor hospitality still they didnt made any effort to make our stay any comfortable by giving us a good room.
as already the kid was giving us a hard time we did not had the energy to change the hotel and somehow stayed that night in that tiny room which was their 'standard room' but ghastly small from the pictures they boast as their standard room at the various travel sites.
the next day however we shifted to their deluxe room by paying some extra amount which was a bit better sizewise.
there wasnt any shower gel in the bath room, no cream/lotion, no hand tissues, no bath tub.
the dustbins placed in the room and the washroom did not have removable polybags neither was any 'disposable' bag placed in the toiletries making us hesitant in dumping the baby diapers so weve call for polybags for the same.
the good part of the hotel is that the reception staff is pleasant and lobby of the hotel is nice.
the pools also are nice but for any service at the pool side uve to walk to the restaurant and ask for the menu and call the waiter to come to you.
when in our small room we ordered for food at night and we asked the person who brought the food tray to get us a small table/ stool and some bowls for the 'lentils' weve ordered but he never showed up.
both the swimming pools of the hotel are closed at 7 pm.
again the location of the hotel is what make this hotel property desirable and happening party spots like 'titos' and 'mambos' are just a stones throw away.
the indoor plantations of the hotel too are nice and give you a close to nature and soothing feel however the flying bugs might be a slight problem.
now coming to the morning breakfast they have 'boiled eggs' as a regular inclusion in their menu in which they place boiled eggs along with its outer shell intact in a casserole for the guests at the buffet counter!!
the sight of that was quite weird as ive never witnessed such in any of the breakfast menu in any property ever.
overall the feel of the hotel as a whole when you either at its pool side or strolling in the lobby is nice but given the alice in wonderland sized room and facilities i did not found it value for my money.
i am short of words to describe keys resort ronil .firstly the advantange for choosing this resort is the location.its on a prime location that every tourist would like during there stay.markets,beaches ,club is just walking distance from the resort.the staff of keys resort is so nice ,courteous and always greet you with smile on their face.food is fantastic ,rooms are really big in size with modern facilities comparatively all other properties in goa which are quite far away from the beach,live music is played in the resort every night from 07:30pm till 10:30 pm (3hrs) .baga beach ,titos ,mambos is just minutes away from the resort and i will definitely choose keys resort ronil again for my next trip to goa.
highly recommended.please choose room which is pool facing will give you a beautiful view ,this will also give you an advantage of listening live music even when you are inside your room.
we had a wonderful stay at the keys ronil hotel.
it always feels like home.
we went to ronil during the diwali break in november with a huge family of twenty and we enjoyed our stay thoroughly.
the place is centrally located, within easy distance to the popular tito's lane.
the hotel underwent renovation and the look and feel has changed compared to our last visit.
the lobby, the rooms, the breakfast area now wears a new look.
the staff are really friendly and courteous.
i must complement mr. austin and mr. felix for taking care of a large group such as ours so well.
we had a great time!
this trip was our second time to ronil keys and we cannot wait to go back again!
i have been coming to baga twice a year for three years, but this is the first time i have stayed in a hotel,my friends and i always eat at the ronil fabulous food, my brother came with me this time so i booked a deluxe room with twin beds, we arrived at 3am was taken to a room but no twin beds, so the next room had twin beds but looked over a building site with a generator next to the window, next day room three third floor so my brother can't do many stairs.
so we had the 4th standard room, we got compensation 3 apples a bottle of wine and two vouchers, a couple of days in to the holiday the ventilator kicked three are four times a day for the kitchen.
not many sunbeds, and it's who you no!!!
jtust looking at recent reilviews for ronil.
i would like to add our opinion of the ronil.
i stayed here on a weekend trip while in india for work in november 2013 and truly enjoyed my time.
the resort is good value for money, has a great pool, and is walking distance to the beach.
we read review after review before choosing keys resort ronil and i'm glad we did.
on our first night we enjoyed the live music by the pool and then we basically spent the rest of the weekend alternating between the beach and poolside.
the breakfast was really great at the hotel and the ac worked and everything.
a few suggestions for guests: if you request a room by the pool there should be wifi available in the room.
a few suggestions for staff: make wifi available in every room, and maybe shift away from the paper slip for code system- it is pretty cumbersome!
also, when i asked the front desk staff about scuba diving recommendations they said they didn't know anything.
it would be useful to have someone around to point guests in the right direction for activities and sites to see in the area.
the hotel is well located ( about 50 meters from baga beach), the food is great, staff is good and cooperative.
great value for money!
will visit again.
dennis d'costa, gm has been a delight to meet with who personally ensured that our stay remains as pleasant and comfortable as can be.
it has been a home away from home for us.
*the authentic goan portugese cuisine, the unrivalled service and its native open decore and ambience ensures an unforgettable stay.
we have been visiting goa since last few years and this was 1st time we decided to stay at ronil as it just next to tito's lane.
we initially thought this should be excellent resort in and out but we were unfortunately wrong.
this resort is currently under rennovation and may not be ready till dec - jan 2014 for sure.
as soon as you enter you will realise the mistake, construction sound from every where, even the parking lot has lots of construction material lying there.
they are servink breakfast at makeshift area, no where close to what was expected.
we were staying in one of their biggest rooms as per them and these rooms are so small that if you have kids you will struggle to roam around.
definately not recommended for families at all...you will be definately disappointed.
on top of that no internet, not even phone signals.
whenever we need to talk to someone we had to come out on main road to make a call.
they said wi-fi is charged at rs.
50/- per hour if you would like to take it....basically they are saying we don't have it as simple as that.
as a whole we strongly recommend nazri resort which is next door and have 200% better facilities and much bigger rooms.
we won't be staying at ronil again in future for sure.
we had a great stay at ronil, but had a lot of complain with the staff.
they are very rude.one of the staff came to clean the room when we were inside.
they should be trained properly.
on the bed we by mistake fall the cigerate ash and they charge rs 2000 for that.check out timings are 11:00 we were sleeping and staff came and were standing outside the room till we came out with our bags.
pool water is very bad, our whole group got skin infection.
if you have some class, please do not visit this hotel and that is only because of staff.
house keeping has no sense of cleaning the room, they just went off and left the floor and washroom wet.
they dont even deserve 1 star.
this hotel is average if but its usp is its fabulous location, bang on the main baga calangute road opp.
to the tito's lane.
everything is within minutes from the property but the hotel has lots to be desired.
the rooms are small, toilets are unclean and look is dated.
decor is below par and breakfast served is awful!!
the attitude of the staff has lot to be desired..
this place is apt to stay if your are with friends not when you are with family.
this was not my first stay at ronil's.
we have been visiting this place since last 8 years.
i was there with my friends on the 28th sep'13 for 3 nights.
the best thing about this hotel is its location.
best hangout place, food joints, medical store, taxi for transport and bikes on hire; all are available the minute you step out of the resort.
the hotel also offers good musical evenings over the weekends and of festive days.
the room service is prompt.
bathrooms were neat as always.
the food served is also pretty decent, so once in a while if you have had a hectic schedule, you can order in your room and you won’t be disappointed.
breakfast has a good spread.
you may ask for an egg preparation of your choice.
overall ronil’s does not give me a reason to find another hotel for my next trip.
we stayed in ronil last year, the best part about ronil is the location.
the most happening places in goa were at a walking distance.
we could just walk over to the beach and come back and relax.
the rooms were slightly cramped though clean.
there were two swimming pools, well maintained.
the staff was friendly and accommodating.
at the time of check out, the person at the reception erroneously swiped my card of complete amount w/o subtracting the advance.
he quickly realized and refunded the extra amount.
good stay at a reasonable price.
couples may not enjoy this place as much.
hi all, i f you are al planning a trip to the party capital of india please do consider ronil resort,baga,goa.
ronil has very good room,decent pool,excellent service and nice food.when one is in goa what does he/she want to do enjoy time on beach rite and if i say that you are so close to the beach that too baga wouldnt it make you feel lucky.
well ronil has the best location as all the top spots in goa are walking distance.
good hotel with great location near titos pub.
food was excellent.
rooms were clean and spacious.
we had gone to this resort to attend a close friend's marriage..the hotel is beautiful.the baga beach is hardly 5 min away and tito's disco,sukho thai all were in 300 meter radius.the rooms were spacious and there were individual duplex like houses..the food was ok ok.but there are at least 15 resturants near this place including at least 5 vegeterian resturants serving almost everything.and it was very relaxing..suits our pocket.
but u wont like to stay here if u are looking for a luxurious pampering vacation.
if u want to enjoy,dance till u drop then its the best hotel.
though the spa at the hotel could not be worst but who cares?
i stayed at 5this hotel four nights recently.
the only reason i selected this hotel is to be close to the "action" area in baga.
this hotel does not deserve even one star.
the hotel, in its heyday must have been one star.
when making reservation i confirmed with the reception that the place is quiet and no major activities (such as construction) is taking place.
i had been lied to!
instead, when i arrived practically every room is being torn down and construction is everywhere at the hotel.
it was so noisy during the day that i simply left by 9:00 a.m. and did not return until late evening.
the toilet did not work properly and the bathroom smelled.
the room safe was not bolted down (!)
and anyone could walk away with it.
bathroom floor and wall were very dirty.
cable tv did not work on occasions, and cleaning staff did not provide toilet paper during the last two days of my stay.
i brought these to the attention of the management who provided assurance that they will take care of these problems.
but, no one did anything during my stay.
the only good thing about this hotel is its location.
the buffet breakfast was the same each day , but tasty.
restaurant and reception staff were friendly.
i would not suggest this hotel to anyone!
hotel is going on a tremendous renovation and you might feel little uncomfortable due to that but rest every thing was good , very good food , people were helpful overall very much recommendable to every body and would definitely would stay with keys ronil again .
just a polite note to the hotel staff / omlet cook , please pay attention to guest needs and win over there heart with just a small gesture ( mushroom ) .
thank you keys ronil for making our holiday rememberable .
ronil resort is nothing luxurious or something, but its got a simplicity, the atmosphere is very quiet, the staffs are very friendly and helpful, every corner of the resort is just neat and clean.
i loved my 5 nights stay over there.
the food at the restaurant is very good.
staying over there was a homely feeling.
i loved it, just loved it.
will recommend to those who loves a friendly and homely atmosphere.. the beach is just a 5 mins walking distance and the most amazing thing is you just come out of the calm and quiet resort and get to feel the hustle bustle of goa!!!
party, traveler, pubs, shopping -- every things are just across the road.
once again i was knocked out by the friendliness and efforts of the staff, some of whom i look on as friends now.
the rooms are spacious but still need a revamp, especially the bathrooms.
however the hotel is lovely with two pools and is properly enclosed so it is quite secure.
the food here is still as good as anything outside so please try it.
my favourite is the local speciality chicken cafreal which has its roots in the portuguese days.
a lovely blend of two cultures.
the beach is close and the locals are very friendly.
i love this place.
calangute and this hotel.
sadly following my marriage break up i don't know when i can return.
so to all the staff, the regulars around the pool; dave, mary, trevor, chrissy, roy and chris, all the very best and i hope we meet up again at the ronil in the future.
after being battered at lazy lagoon we took resort in this beautiful resort and it turned out we were never wrong this time around.the quality of food and the hotel room was good.
we must say it was a wonderful experience for us.the swimming pools were extremely clean.
i would definitely recommend this property for first timers in goa.
go guys give this resort a try and experience the fun and relaxation.
i was at f-3 apartment, it's very close to the main entrance of the hotel which was great due to the monsoon season i can quickly arrive at my room when the rain starts.
very friendly staff, they did everything they could to make my 10 nights stay confortable.
the sheets and towels were daily replaced, different from some other places.
the swimming pools were very clean.
this was the 2nd time we have stayed at the ronil, the 1st being last year.
we stayed from 3rd-18th march.
last year i wouldn't go in the pool as it was a bit grimey but this year it had improved a lot, was always clean.
the hotel was quiet as it was coming up to end of season and although our room was close to the front of the hotel, the noise from the busy road didn't really affect us.
our room number was f5, we had no complaints.
the towel hire service is great as i don't like packing beach towels due to the weight.
once again we only ate breakfast at the hotel once or twice as there was not much selection, we would get something to eat outside.
we will definitely be going back to goa but we won't be staying in a hotel, it's much cheaper to rent an apartment or even a hut by the beach!
if we were looking to stay in a hotel we would definitely come back here.
it was the first time that i had stayed at the keys group of hotels ( i.e from the 8th - 12th of june 2013 , the keys resort - goa) .
i must say it was a wonderful experience for us.
the quality of food and the hotel room was good.
next time i am in goa i would definitely stay there.
i would definitely recommend it to my friends and family .
we have been staying in ronils for last 8 years, in every summer.
all in my family just like the place and recommend the hotel to everyone in the family and friends.
the hotel location is just near baga beach and 2 kms from calungute.
and now the hotel offers good package for staying 4 to 5 nights.
i lovedddd this place, i got to know abt it thru a friend and me n my husband were skeptical bt we decided to give it a try and i mst say it ws sooooo soooo dam worth it in everyway.
the location is ideal, the food, staff evry1 superbly friendly and warm and respectful.
please include a spa if ull can in the future.
however would like to mention that when we first booked the room via online the hotel had not received the intimation when we called them and there was this lady at the reception or which dept i dont know but she was outrageously rude when we tried to talk to her, she just said we havent received the confirmation yet and slammed the phone on us and she did it twice and very very surprising the same lady was diabetacally sweet once she received our confirmation.
we and my husband are into a service business and one tip to that lady irrespective how the customer you have to be polite and listen and respect afterall just by that a prospect customer can become ur customer or you can lose out on that guest.
one bad apple spoils the bunch.
excellent hotel with extremely helpful management and staff.
third stay at the hotel and it was the best yet.
the food at the hotel was some of the best we had, we do not usually stay around the hotel during the evening as we like to get out and about but we did a few times on this holiday due to the good food and atmosphere.
rooms are basic as you would expect in goa but they are spotless with bedding and towels changed daily.
i cannot fault the ronil and would highly recommend a stay it is a welcome retreat from the madness of baga road but if you want to get out and about everything is on the door step.
baga has changed over the last few years and not necessarily for the best but the ronil has stayed as reliable as ever.
we stayed for 4 nights and were very comfortable.
on day 1 it rained a lot, so we decided to stay in and order room service.
not only did the waiter carry our tray in the pouring rain, but the food was dry and piping hot.
i dont know how he managed that as we were quite a bit away from the kitchen.
there is a chemist and 24 hr grocery store just opposite.
our room was clean and comfy.
the beds could've been a bit softer, but we slept well nevertheless.
the rate we got was 3500 inc. taxes and breakfast for 3 people.
this is an off season rate.
we visited goa last week and were looking for option close to baga beach.
our trusted tripadvisor allowed us to book ronil.
pros: very close to baga beach and tito.
big enough property with a descent pool.
rooms are small.
however they are clean.
decor is vintage and it shows.
if you are looking out for budget options and want to have a blast book ronils.
by this i no way implies its nt for family but with kid specially small you will require slighltly bigger rooms.
it can't be ignored that its a great property with walking distance from baga and tito club.
we stayed here for 2 days in deluxe room,rooms are very spacious and neat.
hotel is very near to tito's and baga where everthing happens .staff were very polite and breakfast is also good.
it was a official trip with friends, we had a pre booked 5 rooms.
nice location very near to baga beach, @ the center of market, nice & big swimming pool, clean rooms.
hope to go back again to this hotel when possible.
stayed couple of nights while holidaying in goa.
perfectly located, walking distance from baga beach.
buffets are standard with a mixture of western and indian.
rooms were ok, but could do with a make-over.
staff very friendly, helpful and courteous.
stayed at this hotel on a thomson package for three weeks november / december 2012 and enjoyed a very pleasant stay.
the hotel is in a perfect location for baga with titos lane virtually opposite which makes the beach a mere five minute walk.
it is on the main road and is extremely noisy/busy these days so we contacted the hotel prior to arriving requesting a rear block room and we were allocated a top floor room overlooking the rear pool which was ideal.
there were a number of long stay guests at the hotel who appeared to have a reservation of sunbeds arrangement with the pool boys but we tended to use the beach every other day and generally managed to get a sunbed at the hotel when we wanted (by getting up early and reserving unfortunately).
breakfast buffet was good for india and a bonus was the allocation of vouchers which enabled an evening meal at the hotel every other night which again was ideal because it meant you could still sample all the restaurants.
the evening meals were also good and always accompanied by live music and in a nice setting around the front pool.
no complaints at all really, nice hotel providing you have your 'india' head on and right in the middle of the action for baga.
crowded baga side of goa isn't really my idea of a beach holiday.
but for those who prefer a 'baga experience' of goa, this resort is just perfect.
we decided on this property after having a delightful stay in their mahabaleshwar resort.
keys resort- ronil seemed like one of their recent acquisitions for the rooms lacked the standard keys quality.
rooms are basic but the sizes of rooms vary greatly from wing to wing.
standard rooms in the new wing at the back of the resort are much bigger as compared to the old wing.
rooms desperately need refurbishing.
the resort has an excellent location.
it is in walking distance from some of the lounges like tito's and all the other famous ones in the vicinity.
service at the hotel is courteous and staff is helpful.
we had only breakfast in the hotel for you are spoilt with choices for restaurants when you in baga.
breakfast spread was excellent at the restaurant.
tasty and fresh food, we couldn't have asked for more really.
it was a delightful stay at the keys minus the crowd and traffic just outside the hotel.
one can't complain really, coz.
its the baga way of holidaying, like it or not.
we had booked 3 rooms at this hotes for our summer vacation in goa.
we only got the standard rooms as the other rooms were booked.
the standard rooms are small and the decor is old, the room size is ok for a couple, but if you are travelling with kids go for the bigger rooms.
the staff was really excellent and service was prompt, the breakfast was good, you get a fair amount of choice.
we did not really eat many meals here are many good restaurant around.
the hotel has 2 pools and we really enjoyed the pools, they are well maintained.
i would have liked if they had a vallet parking as checking in took us one hour as there was no space for parking and someone had blocked the entrance and the staff did not have keys of that car.
other than that the hotel is really good i would go there again.
this hotel covers a fairly large area with many different guest buildings, many of them having 8 rooms per building.
the hotel looks great to look at from the outside however the hotel management have not been so quick to keep the rooms fresh on the inside.
both my room and my friends room had minor mould growing on one of the inside walls and around the bathroom basin - it's dead easy to sort out so there should be no excuse.
the shower head was encrusted with greenish limescale - again no excuse for not sorting this out.
the bed was comfortable and the old style tv worked well.
the hotel do not provide shower gel, only a bar of soap.
the a/c unit worked well.
there is one main swimming pool and a smaller irregular shaped pool which is too small to swim in.
the main pool you could not swim length wise as it varied from 2 feet to 7 feet in depth.
there was plenty of space around the pool to relax and sunbath.
the initial hotel check-in was disappointing as it looked as though i was not their check-in list, it was a good job i kept all my printed paperwork with me to prove the reservation was made.
the check-out was simple and straightforward.
about 60% of hotel guests were british couples in their 50's and 60's.
this was great as there were very few 'untrained' british children running amok.
the location of the hotel is on the main road.
- be careful not to get a room too near the road as it can be very noisy, otherwise most other rooms suffer little noise.
the breakfast food is as expected - the usual mix of cereals, fruit, baked beans, potato wedges, sausages and a range of local indian cuisine.
you can walk to the baga beach in about 5 minutes.
be careful as top part of the beach is full of rubbish, glass, rusty bottle tops, plastic etc.
i did cut my toe badly so please wear sandals.
the beach at the waterline is much better to walk on.
tito's night bar is 5 min from the hotel.
expect to pay a massive 1,500 rupees entrance for men even on a monday night.
women get in free.
there is a taxi stop right outside the hotel - as soon as you step out the hotel you will definitely hear taxi drivers asking to take you somewhere.
the price of a taxi to/from the airport is 1,000 rupees.
i loved the place.
the room was nice and spacious.
staff was courteous but indifferent as well at times.the most amazing thing about the hotel was its location.
just 5 mins away from the titos and the baga beach.
you can find your solace in the room but as soon as your step outside the hotel you are amid the most happening location in goa.
we arrived at this hotel after a hellish three hour queue in the airport and then an hour or so on the coach to find our room was not ready.
after about 90 minutes of sitting about we eventually went to the room in v block and it was awful.
literally a bed with a wet room, it smelt of urine and was very damp.
also it was right next to some sort of boiler house or something that was so noisy that even without sleep for 24 hours i could not nod off.
we complained to the rep who told us that they would move us to another room but it was in the same block, i then complained and explained i wanted a different block and we were moved to g block which was when the holiday started to improve.
this room was so much better, cleaner, without damp and had a proper bathroom.
the hotel is ideally positioned to explore baga which is a thriving bustling resort with never a dull moment, if you want to go to a decent beach for some peace and relaxation then get a taxi outside the hotel (fernando is the best taxi driver ever!)
and go to ashwem beach (cool place shack is definitely the best of the shacks).
the hotel food was vey good and pascal was the best waiter we had.
breakfast was okay but sometimes we struggled for seats at peak times.
the pool scene was none existent, only a few loungers and all with towels on very early, but then why would you want to sit around a pool with no music and no life when there is so much more to do outside the hotel.
it reminded me of an oap home at times so not very good for young travellers.
would i go back - no but the airport nightmare put us off and i would spend more money and stay in a more modern hotel with more life.
we stayed at the keys ronil resort for three day in jan 2013.
we'd stayed there several years ago before it was taken over by keys.
i'm very pleased to say that we enjoyed our stay there and it hasn't changed much at all, perhaps a little for the better.
they put in the block we'd asked for by e-mail and the room was nice and clean.
the staff, were very good and helpful, as they were on our previous visits.
the food there is still very good with a breakfast included that has plenty of choice.
this hotel has always suited my needs and i wouldn't hesitate to stay there again if i were in baga.
got an opportunity to stay only for two nights and will definetely visit the place again for a longer stay.
resort is well located, staff are very friendly.
food is excellent and much better than some of the restaurants available outside the resort and the beach shacks.
special thanks to austin, celina, ludy for their help and assistance.
will definetely reccomend to all my friends to stay in this excellent resort.
if you are reading this planning your first holiday to goa,remember where you are going,it's india not florida.go with an open mind.it can be a bit of a culture shock!!!
we had 2 weeks there from march 23rd to april 7th and just wish we'd had more.the staff,from management to the chefs,housekeeping,waiters and pool attendants just couldn't do enough for us.
the resort is perfectly situated in the ideal place to go wandering around the local shops,it's surrounded by too many amazing restaurants to name them all,and a mere 5 minute walk to the beach.
our room,whilst being fairly basic was perfectly adequate,well what do need?
it had a bed a tv a fridge and a bathroom with a shower.air con was a mercy but if you don't like it,turn it off and use the ceiling fan instead.
the food was superb from a buffet style breakfast to a wide selection of lunches,and evening meals to suit all tastes.
i'm not going to go on and on needlessly about this and that,although i could!!!
in my opinion,this is a gem of a resort,worth every penny and we'll be returning next year,but this time for 3 weeks because 2 weeks just wasn't enough.
jamies,fire and ice,brittos,east meets west,shining star(beach shack) and a 200 rupee ride away in calangute,try the buffalo burger at a new bistro called tamarin,amazing!!!
i'll review these on the restaurant section.
if you want some clothes made seriously cheap,take your favourites,or pictures from your favourite book(next) etc and get them tailor made in a couple of days either at the on site shop,or turn right out of the resort,walk about 100 yards and you'll find one there on the right.from suits to leather jackets shirts the lot.i had 4 shirts made,£50.would have been £120-£160 in england.
so anyway,i think you get the idea,well worth the money and we're counting down the days until we return.
a big thanks to all the staff,to name but a few,paskol pinto,shakar,shown and devendar the awesome waiters.....
i stayed here for 2 weeks in december and loved goa that much i went back for another 2 weeks in march.
on both visits we we were not happy with the rooms at first and asked to move which was not a problem.
this hotel has the best location in baga, across the road from titto's lane that leads down to the beach, lots of shops and restaurants all around within walking distance.the staff were all lovely and helpful throughout our stay, especially out waiter shakier.
it was also my birthday while on holiday and was delighted when the staff made me a birthday cake.
honestly can't fault this hotel at all, excellent both times and we are already planning a visit to goa for next year.
just got back from an amazing holiday in goa staying at the ronil beach resort.
the hotel is on the main baga road which makes it a great location with easy access to the beach via csm road or tito's lane.
the road outside the hotel is really busy (we were there during easter) but the room we had was well away from the traffic noise.
the rooms are perfectly adequate and cleaned immaculately everyday.
the gardens are really lovely and colourful.
the staff are fantastic - so friendly and helpful - nothing is too much trouble.
we were on a bed and breakfast basis and didn't receive the usual dinner vouchers due to booking through cosmos (never again - but that's another story).
the breakfasts were lovely with chef on hand to cook whatever kind of eggs you liked - scrambled etc plus there was typical indian food on offer too which was really tasty.
there is entertainment at night, but so many other things to do that we really didn't stay around the hotel that much although the one meal we did have in the evening at the hotel was delicious.
i must say that all the restaurants and beach shacks we went to served amazing food.
there are big changes coming as the hotel is being renovated at the end of the season - so it can only get better.
just hope i can afford to go again in the near future.
1.
there is loads of shade on the beach and if you travel in march apparently there is usually a fabulous breeze coming in from the sea - bliss!
2.
you can change travellers cheques - at the hotel and also at exchange shops - we used the one at the bottom of csm lane.
3.
there are toilets at the beach shacks and they are not holes in the ground - the ones we used were clean and perfectly useable.
4.
you do need to take lots of money as the shopping is just wow.
1.
fire and ice - csm road - really reasonable prices and apparently the steak is fabulous (not a steak lover so can't confirm that but the meals we had were lush.)
2.
east meets west - baga - so pretty with thousands of fairy lights and good food too.
3.
o pescador - baga - another pretty restaurant with star lanterns and great food too.
4.
5.
6.
a reverie - calangute - twice as expensive as the others, but wow very special.
i think i've missed some out here, but all the food was just so good everywhere we went and so reasonably priced too.
we stayed there for 4 nights 5 days.
every thing in ronil was as per our expectations, except for the bathrooms.
check in was smooth.....
they have 2 pools....enough to accommodate 100% occupancy.
location of the hotel is the best in north goa......right on the most happening place in goa i.e., tittos lane.
walking distance from baga beach, 10 min walk from the only casino in the vicinity, 15 min walk from britto's, food was excellent although the breakfast spread was not enough.
they can improve on this.
room service was quick.
staff were efficient.
best place to be in and around baga or in north goa.
yes will certainly be back again.
spent a few days at the ronil resort.
great position in baga with almost every thing within walking distance.
many restaurant's around locally to choose from.
short walk to the beach via tito's lane.
rooms average, but very clean, made up daily with fresh sheets and towels etc.
two swimming pools that were well maintained.
breakfast was great with a great choice, found dinner a bit expensive however we did have entertainment thrown in great music.
no problems with security, my laptop was out on the desk most of our stay and nothing was ever a miss.
i believe that the ronil should provide full in room tea and coffee making facilities, and with wi-fi availability to all rooms even if it is chargeable for this service.
presently it is available at a small affordable charge in the lounge/reception area, but not in our g - block.
similar hotels in that price bracket do provide theses facilities for their guests.
overall we enjoyed our stay and will certainly be back next year.
friendly staff and great service.
very conveniently located !!!
if you are in baga then this is a good place to stay.it is very close to the beach, shopping area, and the nightclubs.
there are two swimming pools.
the rooms are basic but comfortable.
the breakfast spread is good and will apeal to everyone.
the tariff is a tad bit expensive, but then considering the location its ok !!!
we had 5 weeks at the ronil in january and february and had another great holiday.
we have been coming to this hotel for the past 16 years and now it is under new management i do feel it has been refreshed.
the hotel must have considerable attractions as there is a hard core of regular guests some of whom have been customers for longer than us.
apart from one or two minor issues the food in general was very good and in fact in my opinion was better than last year.
ganesh, the tandoor chef, was excellent with the quality of the food he produces.
the kitchen chefs consistantly produce excellent local indian dishes.
however i did find that some of the continental dishes were pretty ordinary.
having been to the hotel so many times i know most of the staff by name.
there are too many for me to single out individuals but from pradeep (the head captain in the restaurant) to all the waiters, reception staff and housekeeping staff, they are all excellent and could not do enough for us.
the service we received was second to none.
for me it is the staff who make this hotel.
i do appreciate that the fabric of the hotel has become tired and does require some work on it.
i found the new manager dennis decosta very approachable, well informed and gave the impression he is willing to listen and take in the views of guests.
however with the hotel due to undergo renovation and refurbishment in april i do hope that mr de costa and, probably more importantly, his seniors do bear in mind the many views that i know have been expressed to him both personally and on this web site.
i do appreciate it must be a fine balance bringing in the new whilst retaining all that is good of the old.
i only hope they get it right.
however, all that is for the future.
as for this year, all was good again.
stayed there during march 2013.
the location of the resort / hotel is excellent if you are looking to stay in baga / calangute in goa.
however, the exteriors are quite deceptive when it comes to room quality.
this might be one of the few hotels with decent size swimming pool in that baga-calangute patch.
however, the cost of room does not make up for the that.
the staff is courteous, however do not expect same attention as they might give to foreginers.
you might be better off finding similar room nearby for much less unless you need to have swimming pool.
breakfast quality is decent.
evening entertainment programs are nice as well.
the resort might be good if you are travelling with family though baga is not a family place.
just got home from a fantastic 2 weeks away in the ronil beach resort.
we were delayed going out by two and a half hours, which by the time we got to the hotel we were shattered.
as we got into goa we thought what have we put our self into.
arrived at key resort ronil and first impression was this looks really nice.
got to our first room v24 and i wasnt happy.
we accepted it for the night and next morning we went to see if we could move.
reception said speak to austin which we did.
we were not able to move straight away but when we did what a difference.
we were then given b5 and we were over the moon.
view was fantastic room was good enough for our needs.
the bathroom needs to be more modernised.
we found the bed was hard and couldnt sleep well for two weeks.
air con worked but not that great, door bell sounded like a fire alarm.
we just hope that they make little changes to make the room better.
maybe new mattresses which would be a great start.
pool and restaurant- pool was good, bottom very slippery and also had alot of bugs in, it needs a decent filter system in it along with re-tiling and maybe acouple of pool lights for the evening time.
sun beds were like gold dust people were paying the pool man for him to save him them a sun bed, which needs to be addressed.
restaurant- well i will start with the staff, absolutely fantastic especially devidas, amazing man.
all staff just couldnt do enough.
breakfast was ok............ there was never enough to make a full english breakfast would be great for more variety.
omlette's was good freshly cooked.
i would of loved to try the indian breakfast but there was no detail of saying what it was and what was in it.
rooms cleaned- great how you can choose if you would like your rooms cleaned or not.
you can have it cleaned on a daley basis.
beach- short distance away along tito's lane, best exchange rate was second one along tito's lane under the stairs hidden away.
amazing sunset must see.
i would love to come back to this hotel, little things need to be done for the better, the hotel has great potential and i would love to see pictures or updates of whats been done.
it would be a big shame if the staff were changed as they made our holiday.
hotel is very close to baga beach.
breakfast is decent and staff is polite.
these are the only positive reviews i can give about keys resort.
the room was too small and not worth the price.
bathroom looks old.
no complimentary water.
bed is also not great.
the room would have been excellent at half the price.
but what they charge in season is just too exhorbitant.
better would be to take a room slghtly far from the beach.
bikes can be hired on daily basis anyway.
so there is not much benefit in staying in this hotel (no sea view rooms).
my hotel experience plusses and minuses.
i wasnt too happy with my experience here.
i felt like for the price the hotel charges it would have been better.
i hear they are going for an upgrade.
just come home from another wonderfull holiday in goa ronil hotel was excellant clean room towels n bedding changed every day very good staff good breakfasts nice pools my only objection was the reserved sunbeds towels being put on the night before there was pool attendants but he seemed to reserve them for certain guests surley he could have taken the towels off we sat one day around the pool the attendant said there was no sunbeds every bed had a towel on n from 9am until 1pm not one person came to the beds i find this un acceptable n something needs doing about it.otherwise we will def stay at ronil again next yeer they also included 3 meal vouchers per week this is excellent.really nice hotel.v block very good quiet.
it's best usp is it's location, located right in front of tito's lane, it is just a walk away from all the good diners and party places, supermarkets, atm and also no need to worry about utilities, food and partying out till late.
and is just 3 - 4 mins walk away from baga beach (just walk till the end of tito's lane and u are on the beach).
it's safe for women traveling and staying alone.
taxis are available right in front of it's gate.
i stayed for 4 nights, the rooms were spacious, nicely furnished, with clean bathrooms with both warm and cold showers, well functioning air conditioners.
staff was friendly and helpful.
service was prompt whenever required.
housekeeping was great, clean bed sheets, pillow covers.
i had asked for room in the blocks away from the road and not on ground floor and they took care of my request.
they also have live open air musical performances every night by the pool with candle light dinner.
the food is priced high ( did not try it so can't comment on the quality).
they in fact have two swimming pools, one main pool and another small pool for the blocks.
a bit pricey, but then i'd asked for breakfast inclusion (without having breakfast on a single day) the one problem that i'd was that their walls are not sound proof, could hear every single word and movement in the room adjacent to me sometimes, of course the ac and the fan did act as buffer, but i wish hotel management would look into this problem as it can be inconvenient and embarrassing.
room tip - ask for rooms on 1st or 2nd floor in the new block away from the main pool and road area.
just returned from 2 weeks stay at the ronil which had been reccommended.
best breakfasts with a good variety to suit european and indian guests.
freshly made omelettes made as you watch.
there are several blocks to the complex set around a big and small pool.
the accommodation around the big pool is to be refurbished this summer ans it was in need of a bit of tlc.
the blocks to the rear of the complex were bigger ans more recently built.
the hotel is in an ideal position to get to the beach a mere 10 minute walk away.
food vouchers were given by the hotel for free lunch/dinner if three per week.
the curries in the hotel were excellent.
the best restaurant in my opinion was jamies the food and atmosphere was excellent the lump of fillet steak was delcious.
however the food in the beach shacks again was excellent and cheap.
the big banana chateau briand was faultless and only about £8 for two of us.
the hotel's location is excellent and absolutely walking distance from almost all possible tourist attractions!
the staff at the reception was courteous and took us to our room.
large pool, lawns draw your attention.
the room however was very basic, infact because it was a ground floor room it had quite a few mosquitoes.
the only thing that ticked me about the place was bathroom, everytime you use the flush it gushed absolutely dark colored water, that looked more like sewage water.
after flushing a couple of times it became alright.
infact we called the house keeping staff as well to look into it, however couldn't figure out why it happened.
they offered us another room but since we spent only a night, we opted not to change.
avoid ground floor rooms, as most tourists who come back late at night are pretty noisy!
full marks to the service, courteous and helpful staff!
but if staying in luxury is your thing wouldn't really recommend this place.
the best thing about this resort is the location.
just walkable to baga, tito's, innumerable restaurants, atm, medicines, supermarket, ice cream, everything is just right there.
because we did not have to worry about reaching back the resort late in the night, it was a huge relief to party and spend time on the shacks till late night.
we loved the stay.
we reached few hours earlier than the check in time, but no fuss, the keys were handed over to us.
the staff were very courteous.
the breakfast was really good.
two pools were such a boon.
we spent good amount of time in the pool.
rooms were cleaned every day and most importantly, super clean towels.
( i am very fussy about using towels and always carry my own, but these were super clean, did not mind using) overall, we loved this place and will be my first preference now on!
i stayed here for 6 nights and loved every second of it.
the best part is the location that is if you like to party every night and there is a taxi stand right outside the resort.
the room and bathroom are very clean.
the rooms are cleaned everyday and shower has good water pressure.
fresh towels and soap are provided everyday.
the staff are helpful.
the restaurant at the resort is a bit expensive but the free breakfast is good.
wifi is only available near the reception and the speed is not good.
stayed here from jan 17 for four nights.in all aspect its a perfect decision made by us for staying at this hotel .a stone throw away from beach,restaurants,taxis, night clubs and all things u can experience in baga...nice behaving from all the staffs,prompt room service, nice food and all in all i gave 10/10.3 things i dont satisfied are unavailability of wifi in the room , lack of toileteries and tea coffe maker .
we have just returned from goa (keys resort ronil) today.
the hotel has recently been takenover and is about to be renovated for the new season.
we had a fabulous time and could not really find many faults with the hotel.
the staff were excellent and nothing was too much trouble - from the lady who swept around the garden and pool areas to the general manager (dennis).
our room was kept exceptionally clean and the bedding and towels were changed every day.
beach and pool towels are also provided daily which has to be a great benefit.
food in the hotel is also very good and again the service was extremly good.
there was more than enough to choose from each and every morning for breakfast for not only the british guests but also other nationalities were catered for.
we had room service on a few occasions as we were there for a month and again found this relaxing and very simple to request.
our thomson holiday rep 'nikki' was one of the best we have had.
nikki was always extremly helpful but not pushy and she left notes under our door several times making sure that we were okay and enjoying ourselves.
we would certainly go back to the same hotel.
hotel is only a short walk away from the beach - although busy it is big enough not to be overcrowded.
taxis are available from outside of the hotel and reasonably priced.
if you relish the energy of north goa, like to be in a strolling distance from beach and relax in a neat neat room in an adequately spaced out resort, keys ronil in baga is the place i recommend.
i stayed there for 2 nights and i tell you it was too short.
though it is not a new property, the place is well kept.
adequate and trained staff make your stay comfortable.
the place was packed with elderly european couples enjoying the secured comfort of ronil.
the breakfast spread was compact but good enough.
the two pools one small and one medium size were clean.
they have some good greens spread around the place.
the hotel had arranged a gala dinner on the valentine day with live band.
the place was very neatly made up by the staff.
a must place to stay if you are north goa fan.
if you are planning to stay near more indian kind of beaches (baga, calangute) this is a nice choice.
1.
2.
good room service.
3.
price is not high.
4.
rooms are available most of the times.
5.
6.
clean bathroom.
1.
very crowded as soon as you go out.
2.
rooms are not big.
stayed for 3 nights on a haliday with my family.
unlike most hotels, keys-ronil's has several 3-4 storied buildings spread around two swimming pools, which gives it a good ambience.
although the property is aged, it is maintained well.
i was told it is scheduled to undergo renovation this year, after which it should become up-to-date with modern amenities.
the best part of the hotel is that the staff serves you with a smile.
they also do their bit to make you feel at home by talking with you at a personal level - makes you feel you are with known people!
another attraction is the pool-side dinner with daily performances.
baga beach is walkable - one can take a dip in the ocean and walk back to the room in the same clothes.
overall, enjoyed my stay and found it refreshing.
stayed at this hotel 3 years in a row and hope to spend many more.staff are great food is great.just love everything about this hotel .when we arrived last year at 2 oclock in the morning we where given j block which i didnt fancy staying in.
the receptionest told me to come back at 9 and they gave me f5 which i loved and i have requested the same room this year when we arrive on the 18th feb. the staff couldent do enough for you.yes the rooms where basic but its india wat do people expect.fresh linen and towels everyday.5 min walk to baga beach.tito road is straight across the rd from the hotel.there a great boutique on tito rd called curves for all you ladies.
we enjoyed our two weeks here so much we hardly left the place except to wander along the beach and for nights out in restaurants and bars.
we did only go to india for the sun and rest and relaxation.
the staff were absolutely wonderful and attentive from teh pool boys to the restaurant workers nothing was too much trouble.
the beds under the tree by the main pool directly opposite the towel stand have plenty of protection from the sun.
the hotel food - our breakfast was included - was top notch.
breakfasts included most normal british choices - cereals, bacon or sausage, eggs to whatever specification you require cooked in front of you, beans, fruit, juices, tea and coffee (already milked or ask for pots of tea and coffee withut milk).
the indian breakfast menu is also wonderful especially the masala dosa!
dinner menu is wide and the goan speciality food was a must!
snacks during the daytime - breakfast was enough to get you through till dinner - are also available.
drinks prices not much higher than those in the bars in the town.
the hotel has new owners with plans for refurbishment this year during the off-season.
some changes are obviously due - try getting the water temperature right in your shower - a great balancing act!
the main pool is old and deteriorating but plans are underway!
the majority of people we met were back at the ronil for the umpteenth time and who could blame them?
a relaxed atmosphere and great staff!
had a fantastic 2 week stay, met up with my mum and dad who having been staying here for the last 13 years.
as always the staff were fantastic always there to help nothing was too much trouble.
i know the hotel has recently been sold and i hope that not too many changes will be made to spoil the atmosphere of the hotel although it does need a bit of a face lift.
i am planning to return next year to see the results of the modification and hoping to see all the staff again as they do the hotel proud.
once we'd been shown a terrible room( dirty,broken insect screen,stained sheets) and though exhausted,gone through the well practised pantomime of asking for a better room and being shown a better room and a hugely better upgrade room,we opted for an upgrade which enabled us to stay here .the initial room was so bad that we would have sought alternative accommodation there and then.we learned from other guests that this is a commonly observed rigmarole at this place.
a pity really because it's so much better than that.the staff are a friendly ,helpful and hardworking team and the hotel is well situated in busy baga.we had a lovely time there and would go back but only if we could secure a good room without that pantomime.
having just returned back from our third stay at the ronil want to just say how much we enjoyed our stay, the service and the food were the best yet.
the rooms are basic but always clean and fresh towels daily both in the room and by the pool or for the beach.
the road is busy but we now have the luxury of a pavement so walking around is so much better.
blossem a taxi driver who works from outside the ronil will look after you if you want to travel further afield.
best resturants under the stars on csm road and ja's italian on arpora road.
can not wait to return hope the new owners dont change too many things.
we planned a trip to goa, especially for my grandmother who had a wish from many years to visit goa.
specially to be mentioned she is 76 years old and barely able to walk.
happy and excited we made bookings through an travel agent company "balaji tours, andheri", which was done a month before we were to reach goa, and the travel agent booked us 2 deluxe rooms, pool facing in ronil resort near baga beach, and a very important point to be mentioned here is that we asked to make an arrangement of a wheel chair for my 76 years old grandmother who is barely able to walk and for that we also told the agent to book rooms on the ground floor, all for my grandmother's accessibility.
all done, i received copy of my booking of ronil resort, goa.
as we reached there, we were stunned and surprised only to find out that the rooms booked on special request for my grandmother were given to some other people, and on top of that there was no arrangement of wheelchair.
when asked for clarification from the travel agent he said that the rooms were booked and informed the resort about the wheel chair, whereas the ronil resort guys said that they dint receive the payment and were not informed about the wheel chair.
we were literally harassed by such behaviour of the ronil resort staff.
the resort don't even have arrangements for old age citizens or physically handicapped persons.
having booked 2 deluxe rooms, they proposed us to stay in standard rooms.
this was sheer mental harassment for us.
would not recommend or suggest this resort for anyone.
stay away.
myself and three friends (three americans of indian descent and one american not of indian descent) did some cursory research (mainly using tripadvisor) and stayed at the ronil in mid-january for a few days.
we were extremely satisfied with the great food, ambiance, and comfort of the rooms (and bathrooms, of which i am particularly fussy).
the entertainment and patronage of the bar area in the hotel left something to be desired (if you are looking for young, single tourists), however the location is right in the middle of everything that baga has to offer.
i will certainly stay here again if in baga!
having spent christmas at the ronil beach resort we had a great time.
a few negatives to get out of the way first.
we were booked into room f1 which is adjacent to the main road, to say that the road is busy is an understatement.
the cars , bikes , lorries and taxi's honk morning noon and night.
the only respite from it is between the hours of 4am and 6am.
because it was christmas were unable to move room.
i would say that blocks e f & g would be noisy and anything directly above reception.
further back was ok , the pool area was not noisy at all so anything past the pool would have been fine.
also f1 was directly next to the area that the "maids" collected all their sheets etc , so every morning you would be woken up by them chattering.
the pool area is ok but ther are definately not enough sunbeds (20) there are more tables and chairs than sunbeds , it would be better if they put some of the tables and chairs away during the day and replaced them with sunbeds.
the pool itself was quite warm as it gets the sun most of the day but the bottom of the pool was a bit "slimy" and you frequently lost your balance when walking in.
negatives out of the way the rest is as follows.
the rooms are small but adequate , the bathroom is fine , with a walk in shower , toilet and vanity.
there is one wardrobe but only one drawer , the room ad a/c and an overhead fan which kept the room cool enough all day and night.
wifi is only available in the lobby but is cheap enough at 100rp for 24 hours.
there are no tea and coffee making facilites so don't forget the travel kettle .
food at the hotel is fine and they do try and please their guests , cheese on toast is a bit odd but passable and curry for breakfast is a bit odd.
the weather is fantastic and we were a short walk to the beach via tito's road.
the sea can become quite rough and care must be taken to stay within the "safe swim zone flags" but it is great fun trying to stay upright.the shacks are a great diversion and they are quite happy for you to stay all day at no charge but you will be expected to buy a couple of beers / soft drinks and or a lunch garlic prawns and a 600ml kingfisher for under 3 quid .... rude not to.
eating out is fantastic , be warned curries are not what they are in the uk , they are alot hotter , even a butter chicken and a korma was far to hot for my friends taste.
prawns are cheap and plentiful as is steak.
best restaurants : east meets west (opposite the nazri resort turn right outside the hotel) and fire and ice ( left out of the hotel and turn right at pinto's on the corner.)
both restaurants do fntastic steaks and prawn dishes.
pinto's have a phone box where making calls home is as cheap as chips.
david's restaurant in candolim does a lovely squid dish and has cheap beer.
i was unfortunate enough to fall ill whislt there and had to call a doctor urgently , please be aware that they will call a doctor that doesn't speak very good english.
he totally misdiagnosed me and if i hadn't been flying home 4 days later i would have been very ill indeed , i spent 3 days in hospital on arrival in the uk and hopefully there will be no lasting damage.
please make it clear that you want an english speaking doctor if you have the misfortune to need one.
this episode hasn't put me off and we will be returing to goa in 2014 but perhaps will stay in candolim.
goa is cheap and struggled to spend £600 in 2 weeks including gifts to bring home and eating out most nights.
the staff in all areas are curteous and very exceptionally helpfull in every way they they can be.
the christmas and new year galas are superb with great choice of food.
i don't expect much from a fairly cheap hotel, the weather here is fantastic, it has a pool, so as long as the service is acceptable i'm fine.
unfortunately the staff on reception were rude and disorganised.
seem to take an age to ackowledge you even though there's 5 people behind the counter not really doing anything.
not helpful.
take an age to do anything.
i paid for 24 hrs wifi, but the password rubbed off the ticket.
clearly stated it had 20 hours remaining validity, but they made me pay again.
i thought worth it to connect and write this review.
food fine.
pool fine.
rooms ok, but ac didn't work properly.
view from the balcony over a rubbish dump so get a pool facing room.
10 mins walk from baga beach.
there are lots of contradictory reviews on this hotel and that is mainly down to what type of room you get.
there are old rooms and newer rooms and they are very different.
the older rooms are really poor but the newer rooms are fine.
i emailed ahead and asked for a newer room and got one in block g. it was fine and met all our needs.
it was always cleaned very well too.
the poor areas are really nice although they could do with a few more sunbeds.
the food is pretty good as well and you get food vouchers on arrival for the restaurant whch are really good value.
largely, the staff are really friendly and helpful.
the location is great if you want to be right in the heart of things and its a 5 minute walk to the beach.
it's pretty lively round the hotel with lots of bars on titos road and down by the beach.
the trips are worth doing - we did both castaway and jungle book and both were great.
we stayed for 3 weeks over xmas and new year and i woudl recommend this hotel overall but make sure you get one of the newer rooms.
it will really affect your stay if you don't.
keys ronil resort is a decent budget hotel just across baga beach.
the hotel is a walk away from the famous tito's club.
the resort is a huge one with more than 100 rooms but the hotel service lacks the keys standard.
the food is bad and expensive, i must say.
the rooms are decent but none of them facing the sea.
the resort has the potential to be one of calangute's best resort, with its huge space, 2 pools, close proximity to the beach, but they need to work on a lot of things to become the best.
i suggest this hotel for a budget couple who does not expect anything more than a 3star service.
for food, there are many options across the road.
just returned from 14 nights in the ronil beach keys resort baga beach.
it's a bit like 'fawlty towers' but then i understand this is the 'norm' for india?
i had to change my room 3 times, and my friend changed her's 8 times.
various issues ranging from lack of cleanliness to broken and horrendously noisy air conditioning.
the manager felix, get's a little tetchy about offering you alternative rooms although over the christmas and new year period you have to appreciate that everywhere near baga beach tends to get over-booked as the whole of young india descends on baga for the xmas and new year beach parties.
all in all, the visit was bearable made only so by the wonderful staff that work at this resort and the great food.
i would also say that the hotel made an excellent effort for christmas and new year even though over the christmas period the entertainment was orientated towards the indian population even though they made up less than a third of the guests at the party.
i understand the hotel is due for some kind of 'refurbishment' from april 2013 as it tries to upgrade it's status from a 2 star to a 3 star.
this wil be interesting, bearing in mind the totally outdated facilities offered in the rooms.
however, you must bear in mind that in india, you certainly get what you pay for.
those aiming for the ronil 'royale' which is next door need to be aware that this is not part of the same group - the hotel was split down the middle when the 2 partners parted ways.
for those that are visiting goa for the first time, i would say baga is for the younger generation as the beach area continues to deriorate into some kind of indian ibiza destination.
dirty, grubby, noisy and tacky.
if you want lovely beaches, go much further south of panjolim or if you must stay in baga, get a taxi north to little vagator, ashwem, candolim, morjim or mandrem.
these beaches are a vast improvement over baga which is barely worth a stroll (and mind your feet on the broken glass and dog poo!).
stayed at this hotel for our second time nov/dec we emailed ahead and asked if it was possible to have a room in block j or v, having been delayed at gatwick for nearly 24 hrs thought we would be able to check straight in when we arrived (being as our room was booked and paid for from the sunday) but we were told our room wasn't ready we would have to wait, when we tried to explain that we had been delayed communication broke down completely.
when we were eventually shown to a room it must have been the worst room they have, can't remember the room number but we had to use a lift and went down a dark corridor with mattresses stacked outside, took one look at the room and back to reception we went.
the rooms are cleaned every day with clean sheets and towels, however we found if you left a tip you got extra soap and toilet roll, we like to tip because we have good service not to get it.
we noticed that the rooms by the larger pool were being upgraded and hope this will continue throughout the hotel because rooms are looking very tired.
breakfast was good with quite a good selection of things, however think we may look for a different hotel for our return in december.
me and my wife stayed there from 13th dec to 17th dec. ronil is simply the great.
mr. d'costa is a real gentle man.
location of the hotel is very good.
you come out of hotel and you are on tito's lane.
baga beach is just 2 minutes walk.
ambiance, cleanness in hotel and in rooms, maintenance of pools, quality of pool/beach towels, all are very good.
food quality is a plus point.
breakfast is all right.
room service is appreciable.
they serve the chilled beer.
staff at reception counter is very charming.
i had a problem at the time of check-in and they solved it in seconds.
great........
i didn't like one thing.
serving staff at the time of breakfast greets only to white skin people.
they go to their tables individually and ask for tea/coffee etc and if some indian ask them to serve him, they show us the serving table, means they will not serve, we have to go ourselves, they will serve to white skin people only.
this is not fair.
it should be improved.
otherwise overall hotel is very-very good.
me and my wife would like to come again and again to this hotel.
thanks.....
we e-mailed ahead of arrival on a thompson package deal, to ask for a room near to the rear of the property, and on checking- in this had been recorded, so we were pleased to be allocated room v11 overlooking the smaller pool.
the rooms remain very basic with not enough drawer(one small one in the tv table and one small one inside the cupboard) or wardrobe space, and no bedside cabinet on one side of the bed, for glasses, books etc.
it was hard to keep the room tidy and know where anything was because of the lack of storage space, plus it was quite dark inside all the time needing the lights on, as the small balcony never saw the sun.
the housekeeper told me that now that keys have taken over, the hotel will be improved and rooms renovated, to include tea/coffee making facilities.
the bathroom shower was not not too good, with a fixed shower head.
the whole room became very wet, very quickly and the one small bath mat was not adequate to soak up the water.
only one small hand towel and two larger towels daily, when really you need two of each.
you do get given pool towels or beach towels though each day, which was good.
the air-conditioning was excellent too, along with a ceiling fan.
staff were very nice, friendly, and helpful.
because we had stayed here before we knew what to expect, but were pleasantly surprised at the few improvements, though some first timers to goa changed rooms a few times before accepting that this is what you get, a no-frills hotel in a central location with a fairly good buffet breakfast each day and three meal vouchers to the value of rs/-850 per week, to use in the excellent restaurant.
this was featured on uk tv a while ago.
our main concern was that two female cats and their kittens were living in the gardens and some were in need of vet treatment.
they didn't belong to the hotel and were to be collected up and taken to be dumped at the fish market, so we tried to get them rescued and sterilized.
the manager, dennis was very helpful in this matter, and had the courtesy to keep us posted as to what was being done.
animal rescue came, but needed to return the day after we were leaving, to trap the cats and kittens.
overall, we would certainly recommend this hotel, as long as clients understand that when a room is described as 'simple' or 'basic' that's what it is.
the positives outweigh the negatives.
this was our first time in india and we were not sure to expect.
we arrived at the hotel at 3am shown to our rooms and promptly slept.
the first day was dealing with jetlag which soon passed.
the hotel was basic but had the essentials, walk in shower and air conditioning.
i wont mention the downs because they know them and they are very soon, upgrading the rooms.
the ups are (in no particular order) the staff are excellent, very friendly and job conscious.
the restaurant breakfast is very basic but you can eat a decent breakfast there.
the day snacks/meals and evening meals are excellent.
the grounds are well maintained and the swimming pool is cleaned daily and has an attendant.
just inside the hotel are two shops, a jewellers and tailors.
i had a tailor made kashmir jacket made for £70.00 and two shirts for £30.00.
the standard of cloth, stitchwork is outstanding and the manager (javed ahmed) is very professional.
my advice to anyone would be to leave some space in your case and get tailor made clothes from here.
i cant stress enough the quality and workmanship of the clothes made here.
the other shop is the jewellers (sorry ive lost card) is superb quality and value for money.
take old gold that you no longer use and they will melt it down and use it to make you bespoke jewellery.
diamonds are affordable to the average brit (truly) and i would recommend taking advantage of the cheap prices here.
cheap prices equal exceptional quality.
just back from a 14day stay at the ronil beach and had a great holiday.
the location is ideal and from this clean oasis of calm you can step out into the hot dusty cacophony that is baga, then a short walk to the beach and bars but it's nice to get back to.
accommodation is basic and rooms in v bloc or any at the back of the hotel are best but not v30 which has the compressor for the air-con above and is torture.
rooms are adequate complete with a fridge and the whole place is clean and fresh with linen changed every day but mattresses could be deeper and softer.
the pools are always clean but could do with more sun beds.
the staff are all willing and though breakfast is a limited mix of indian and english so it's ok and i can recommend the eggs.
lunch and dinners are good but expensive without a voucher (we had some vouchers and enjoyed the meals).
we do recommend you try lazydays and jamie's excellent but cheap restaurants.
entertainment each night was good and varied, we danced under the stars.
any problems just have a word with austin, he's a very nice man.
this was our first trip to goa , the hotel was very clean , bedding and towels changed and rooms immaculate everyday .
hotel staff were very friendly and helpful , nothing was too much trouble .
nice food and good variety in the menu to choose from .
great location for the beach and bars , restaurants .
taxi rank outside made it easy to jump in a cab and go exploring other parts of goa .
enjoyed our time there so much we are thinking of returning here next year .
booked a late checkout at a very reasonable price .
recommended !!!!!!
this hotel is low rise built around the swimming pools.
it is centrally located but seems calm and tranquil once you leave the main road.
basic but clean.
linen changed every day.
although only booked as bed and breakfast we were given 3 meal tickets each which allowed us to have lunch or dinner at the hotel and simply pay any extra.
not expected so it was a nice little bonus.
breakfast was buffet style and eggs were cooked fresh to your liking.
i have read other reviews and have also stayed in india before.
believe me when i say this was a very good hotel for the price.
we paid £580 each for the week (which has been one of our cheapest holidays) and we had fantastic value for money.
the staff were lovely.
we stayed at the ronils resort in the beginning of october 2012. i must say that although the hotel itself was not too bad, the service was pathetic.
our entire stay we never had hot water.
we tried for 2days to get someone to sort the problem, but no one ever did.
we werent offered another room.
the breakfast is not continental.
i feel they can upgrade the breakfast menu and facilities.
i would think twice to go back.
the feeling i got , was that "they" feel they doing us a favour!!
we reached ronil around 9:30 in the morning and asked for an early checkin.
the room was made available within a short time and was in the newer section.
the room was spacious and clean.
there are two well maintained pools for the guests.
the water was clean and looked inviting.
the room service was good and our room was maintained well throughout our stay.
the staff was friendly.
location is a big advantage with the main tito's lane starting just outside the gate.
the tv was of the really old crt screen types and was pretty much useless.
the channels were few and some of them had a lot of noise.
there was only one chair in the room and the plastic chairs and table in the balcony were run down with cigarette marks on them.
the included breakfast is pretty spartan with the spread limited to toast and eggs to order, puri, sambar and either vada or uttapam.
there are a few pieces of cut fruits too.
be sure to get to the juice early as towards the end they don't seem to replenish that.
taste wise, the food was just about average.
other than the eggs, there are no options for non-vegetarians in the included breakfast.
other similar resorts include cereals, muffins, cakes and non-veg options but these were conspicuous by their absence.
although most folks wear swimming costumes, there were a few that got into the pools wearing cotton clothes with their inner wear poking out.
a definite hygiene issue if somebody is particular about it.
if you are looking for some private time, this may not be the resort to be at as there were quite a few families with most of them making a lot of noise including blaring music from portable speakers.
this seems to be a popular resort for large families.
just stayed here 2 weeks ago for 7 nights, booked one of there 20 deluxe rooms, did all booking from uk paid £65 a night, thought it was ok, included breakfast rooms looked nice on pics and its centerally located.
arrived room was ok bit basic, bathroom was very basic and the bath was dirty stains in tub and mould on shower curtain, pics to show, not what i had expected for there deluxe room!!!!
breakfast was very basic, you could have any style of eggs, toast, a very small selection of fruit and alittle indian selection.
staff were very friendly, hard working and nice, but could have looked alittle smarter in apperiance.
it was just the beginning of the season, there were 2 sun loungers both dirty, the rest were being painted ready for the charter flights to arrive in 3 weeks.
great when you love sunbathing lol!!!
was on holiday for 3 weeks, after a week at ronil went to mumbai, but prior to this i enquired about staying another 10 nights on my return, but was not paying £65 anight is worth £25 a night, manager offered me it for £56 a night, wow £9 discount!!!!
i tried to negotiate, but he was not having it, must point out hotel was only 1/4 full if that.
i declined his offer and found a 5 star hotel citrus goa, just up the road where i paid £46 a night, and it was amazing in every way possible.
would i stay again, yes at £25 a night, no at any other price!!!!!!
almost 200 mtr away from bagha beach.
you dont have to worry about transportation after hours.
food is fantastic with pool music and everytime different theme with different artists.
a good swimming pool.
- lots of noise as it is located near to the beach.
- rooms are small and basic but well maintained.
overall its a happening place.
we spent 14 nights in goa in march as it was our first time in india we didn`t really know what to expect.
we arrived at the ronil beach exhausted after the long flight and had to wait hours in reception until a room was available along with other guests that were on our flight.
the rooms are very basic, ours looked over the pool so was nice and quiet with a view where as some rooms overlook the main baga road and its 24 hour non stop noise of pipping horns.
breakfast is included at the hotel and was very good freshly prepared omellettes, fresh fruit and cereal, tea and coffee and toast.
they also gave us some free vouchers to eat in the evening the food was excellent we ate at a restaurant called jamies a few times with lovely fillet steak at around 4 pounds everywhere we ate around baga the food was always good.
we used to have lunch on the beach everyday in one of the many beach shacks which were very reasonable.
this was my wife's first trip to goa and i wanted to make it an amazing experience for her.
for that the hotel had to be good.
i read the reviews here on tripadvisor and decided to book ronil.
the pros of the hotel 1.
all the basics were in place right from keeping the room ready on my arrival to daily room cleaning.
2.
the service was good and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
3.
the location is the best thing about this resort, bang opposite tito's lane at baga.
4.
they even gifted me a complimentary birthday cake :d :d. there is only one negative and that is the vegetarian food at the breakfast buffet.
it's not good.
but that's a minor thing.
i will surely go back to this place.
we stayed at rb end of feb begin march with our friends.
we emailed requested quiet rooms, with pool view, by small pool.
got 1room on arrival and manager moved us next day with no problem so both had pool view.
great location to get out and about, beach a short walk away, ate at various beach bars with free sun beds, and had massages,regularly at bargain price.
also had pedicures at around £4, including painting of nails, and had great fun with some of the beach sellers, who sat and talked with us each day.rooms cleaned daily and staff really friendly and attentive.
had quite a few meals at hotel as we had vouchers provided, and can say the food we had at hotel was great, although we like to eat out and try different places.
my husband and friend both decided to have their teeth bleached and went for 2 treatments, got a kit inc case, bleach and mouth guard for about £100, bargain and was well worth it.
we also took our prescriptions for new glasses and went to dangui opticians as recommended by a lot of ta reviews and got 2 pairs of all singing/dancing varifocals, 2 pairs or reactolite varifocals and the lenses replaced in my prescription sunglasses for varifocals sunglasses and the cost for all these was just under £300, another super bargain as paid more than this 2 years ago, for 2 pairs varifocals in uk.
we also spent 2 days out at a beach hut s2 on beautiful beach costing around £60 for 2 nights including all our drinks and food at the beach shack bar.
this was our 2nd trip to goa, and really enjoyed our stay at ronil and can recommend it.
staff very help full,food the best we've ever had,carnt wait to go back,rooms basic but very clean,all in all a mega cheap marvelous holiday.would choose to go back to these apartments because the food was so good,if you like indian food you will be so blown away,also you are very close to the beach,only a 5minute walk,would like to hire a moped next holiday.
we were a group of 15 people who tried to get a good resort with a nice swimming pool , we finally settled for this resort , the resort is located at the best area in goa - close to tito's and baga beach.
the resort has two swimming pools and nice restaurant.
i would recommend this for family and groups - price a bit costly but you get complimentary breakfast .
real worth for your money.
this is one hotel we have stayed very often over the years.
its a bit old and run down now but you get more than what you pay for as the rates have really not gone up much since we first started visiting.
location in baga is good.
food quality is good and also cheap.
location, location, location..... naaaahh !
its location, service, quality & excellent food.
a killer of a combination.
bang opposite tito's lane, undoubtedly the most happening area in the whole of goa and a 10 mins walk from the beach.
the rooms are well maintained, nice and clean.
2 clean pools with life gaurds are a treat.
the breakfast is a yummy combination of indian and continental dishes.
the best part of this hotel is its friendly staff and excellent service, we complained of an ac problem due to power fluctuation at 3.00 am in the morning and were promptly sent an engineer to resolve it.
all in all an awesome experience.....
highly recommended !
the breakfast was good, as it was off peak there wasn't a buffet style breakfast, we were asked upon arrival at the restaurant what we would like, i always had scrambled egg on toast, again it was nice.
the room was better than expected, simple, clean and comfortable, again for the price, you don't expect luxury, but i was very comfortable along with 2 friends in a double room.
they also have a small spa, you can have a 60min massage for rs1000, which was an added bonus, i didnt have one, but my friend did and said it was just as good as one you would get in london where they charge £60+ for 45min!
the reception was very helpful in arranging car's and day trips for us, would highly recommend taking a car/taxi for the day and heading to the spice plantation, its about a 45min drive, so you need an ac car.
we were guests at ronil beach resort in october, 2011 for 6 nights.
we were welcomed liked family and enjoyed every moment of our stay.
the service was friendly, personal and professional.
the food was a wonderful assortment of goan dishes with lots of spice.
this is a affordable hotel for the budget minded western tourist.
the hotel is within walking distance of the beach and night life, but it is nice to have a refuge off the hustle and bustle of the streets.
there are two pools, our room had air conditioning and was clean.
i look forward to the opportunity to return with our children to show them goa from this safe, friendly, clean and welcoming sanctuary.
good rooms nice pools(they have two pools there) one is family pool just outside rooms nice and clean 4 and half feet deep and the other one is full size pool,games available .a good clean restourent is there but with high prices in menu bcoz nearby u cant find a restourent.the disco titos is just a street away from ronil.
stayed here for two weeks and loved it.
about 250 yards to the beach, within walking of a lot of restaurants, and on the opposite side of the main road to the beach.
the ronil is one of the few hotels to have it's own enclosed compound so people couldn't wander through.
some hotels on the beach side have access roads right though the hotel.
it has two pools, a large one at the front and a smaller one to the rear.
we happend to arrive in time for valentines night and they put on a lavish show and dinner.
the hotel was dressed up with hearts and stars everywhere.
it looked beautiful.
most nights there is a some kind of music on, varying in quality but on the whole good.
we ate here many times for lunch and dinner, and it is as good as any restaurant on the strip.
no upset tummies here or elsewhere.
the staff are very friendly and helpful.
the rooms are good for india, with air con, and we had a lovely one with a balcony overlooking the pool.
there is a safe in the room which is useful.
affluent indians from mumbai come here, so at breakfast as well as an english buffet there is also an indian one.
try it, it's lovely.
oh, and wedenesday is dosa day where the chef makes dosas freshly for you.
unfortunately a few of the locals don't understand poolside ettiquette and get a bit shirty about the europeans having the loungers with a least one racist comment made.
but if they don't turn up until 3 pm and they are all taken what do they expect folks to do?
99% were very friendly though.
world record for the earliest german towel on a lounger?
9pm the night before!
if you stay here it's better to be at the rear of the hotel.
the main road at the front is very noisy as the highway code consists entirely of blowing your horn every 5 seconds.
and the road is heavy with traffic up till midnight.
the rear of the hotel backs on to some empty fields so is very quiet.
book your own excursions.
there are a couple of travel agents within walking distance who offer exactly the same tours as the package companies for about 30% less.
be sure to travel to udupi.
six hours each way on the local train for some real indian ambiance.
fresh food and drink served on the train, exchanged every fourth station.
good and it's so cheap.
passengers are very friendly and curious about you.
in udupi every night there is the most lavish religious festival.
giant carriages (60 feet high) , elephants, fireworks.
not put on for tourists, they do it every night for themselves but you are so welcome.
can't wait to reurn.
in fact we've already booked next year....for 3 weeks!
the ronil is perfectly located for all that baga has to offer but please don't expect the hotel to be of a similar standard to other countries with a like for like star rating.
the food is very nice.
wifi is available from reception for approx £1 per day and the connection is pretty good.
blue waves beach shack in morjim is brilliant and the food is very good too, a lot quiter on the beach than baga with nowhere near as many beach sellers.
the staff at the ronil will rent you their own personal scooters for £2 per day and they are fairly new and in good condition.
definitely worth a try as no matter where you stay the standards are very similar.
ronils used to be a great hotel at an amazing location.
well, it still is at the best possible location but the hotel standards have dropped over time.
they were known for their service and hospitality but now they seem to have gone into some kind of 2 star mode.
my trip during may 2012 could have been better if i stayed somewhere else.
1.
the guys at the reception took 2 hours for getting my room ready though it was booked in advance.
2.
they refused to provide complementary breakfast on the first day even though we informed them that we would be checking out at 5 am on departure date and would not be availing our morning breakfast entitlement.
3.
the room was opened and cleaned even after instructing them not to do so on a particular day.
4.
ordering a mineral water bottle after 10:00 pm means you have to pay on the spot and it will not be charged to your room during checkout.
5.
pool chairs don't have umbrellas.
6.
ac not effective at all.
we later realized that the same split ac connection is being shared by 3 rooms !
7.
frequent electricity outages.
almost 1 every 3-4 hours.
i believe a hotel of this repute should have an alternate supply.
overall, the hotel is highly not recommended.
i could go on but i feel the hotel management is probably not looking.
i's probably not the luxuriest or cleanest hotel i've evern stayed in but it wasn't anything that bothered me, really.
it's well located, close to the beach.
there are lot and lots of shops and stalls around, as well as local restaurants and bars.
if you look for it, you might end up going to some local parties as well.
there are lots of local travel agencies offering a variety of nice one day trips.
as an alternative, you can just hire a car for a day (with a driver) and go wherever your heart takes you.
as i mentioned, the service might be a tad slow, but they are nice and welcoming.
the rooms are reasonably clean.
there is a swimming pool with not quite transparent water but you can still smell the chorine - we swam there and we're still alive so i guess it's clean enough.
the hotel restaurant was ok.
basic breakfast - edible, but boring.
the suppers were much better, but i recommned the variety of local restaurants on the beach.
it's a party place, mind you.
there are calm beaches nearby, but if you're looking for peqce and quiet - you might be better off in another hotel.
stayed in this hotel sometime back and it was wonderfull experience i would definitely return there again, baga beach took some getting used to with sharing with some of the cows etc.
but overall was an absolute break, the hotel was clean well kept and well, i cannot fault this one either, the only things which bugged me was the fans on all night but if they had stopped we would have sweated like hell.
overall, staff were great food was great and local and day trips were worth the money.
visited goa again in march this year, 2012 - this time we stayed at the ronil beach hotel.
the main reason for choosing this hotel was due to its location.
first impressions were not very good - we were shown to a room, i think was 'c' block and it was awful.
my daughter and i have never viewed a room in such bad condition and in need to repairs.
the 'wardrobe' was made up of pieces of formica that were not even finished off!
there was a crack down the corner of a wall that you could have fitted a book into, and the overall state of the room was beyond poor.
we went back to reception to request another room and were treated very badly.
initially the man at reception was quite pleasant until we refused to move into the room then another man who intoduced himself as 'duty manager' spoke to us and was etremely rude and would not allow us to speak really.
we eventually were moved to a more acceptable room.
the hotel pools did not have filters and became very dirty with a scum always present along the surface.
when the edges of the pool were cleaned, all the dirt was then washed into the pool as was the water used for cleaning the floors asround the pool - it was quite disgusting.
the ronil beach hotel needs urgent refurbishment - the owners should invest money into the place and then it may be a more acceptable place to stay - it is only popular because of its location!!
anyone booking this hotel, must be very cautious of the rooms - some have been upgraded and others have not.
we were not the only first time visitors who they tried to fob off with sub standard rooms.
just returned xfrom two week stay in baga what can i say.
hotel really good.. food really good.
pool area really ggod ,baga hectic and exciting amazing place first time to india but won't be the last.
spent 2 great weeks at the ronil, the food was lovely, even better when you was given 6 vouchers worth 1000 rupess per couple, no charge for air con or safe deposit box's, clean beach or pool towels every day, pool area was very clean, would i go back?????
tomorrow, welldone ronil.
we have just returned back from a great holiday at the ronil.
the hotel is very nice, rooms cleaned daily, clean bed linen and towels daily.food is lovely, couldnt fault it at all.
the hotel give you food vouchers to use during your stay,6 x 600 rps, which are very useful if you cant be bothered to go out to eat.
the staff are very helpful and friendly.
davidoss is very helpful.
theres lots of great eating places in baga, titos, fire and ice, east meets west, lazy days, all very good restaurants.
our favourite was jamies, the food there is lovely and very very cheap, a great fillet steak for about £3.70.
last time we went to goa was 2 years ago and we went to cavillossim in the south, there is a huge difference between the two, baga is very lively with plenty of bars, restaurants and night clubs.
we had a great holiday here, but if your planning a visit, go with an open mind.
just got back from 2 weeks staying at the ronil,we had already stayed there before, the room we had was quite good by indias standard, very clean with clean sheets and towels every day,and free beach towels if you needed them, the food was good and plenty of it , the hotel staff are very freindly and really helpfull ,there was not many sunbeds but we never used them anyway so it didn't bother us the hotel also give you six vouchers to use for meals a handy thing if you cant be bothered to eat out ,the hotel is in a good spot and handy for everything baga has to offer,the only downside of our holiday was coco who works at xaviers beach shack hit a dog with a metal pole in for nothing and other cases of cruelty to the dogs on the beaches,there was also a lot of rubbish on the beach itself ,what a shame it could be lovely if they clean it up.
we have just arrived back from a great stay at the ronil beach resort, upon arrival as it was early morning we were told to leave our things in reception and go and help ourselves to breakfast, breakfast is great!
fresh tea, coffee and juices, bread(made at the hotel every evening) cornflakes, fruit, indian breakfast, bacon,sausage, beans and eggs in whatever shape or form you wish!
we had to wait a while for our room, which the first one we were given we changed, i think you do have to try and over come the shock of goa and the basic accomodation if you haven't been before but we were quickly put into another room we were happier with.
rooms cleaned daily with fresh bedding and towels every other day.
it was however clear very quickly that many of the people staying in the hotel come back every year and pick the rooms they want which are all the good ones but this didnt really matter.
i have to agree about the lack of sunbeds, i think in two weeks we only got sunbeds on our last day but this wont ruin your holiday as there are as many sunbeds as you want down at the great beach shacks.
another great thing about the hotel is the location which is great and whilst the road is chaos outside the front, once you are through the reception the atmosphere round the pool is very relaxing!
also we were given 6 x vouchers for 1000 rupees each to eat at the hotel, this is a great little extra and each one can easily pay for meals for two people, you can only use them one at a time and the hotel food is very good.
dont weigh your cases down with beach towels you can get as many clean ones as you want at the hotel every day.
go to gm jewellers just at the bottom of titos road if you want any jewelery, i had an engagement ring made there and its beautiful.
been to the ronil twice now.
both times in january.
the hotel is good value for money, although it is basic, you have all you need to make your holiday enjoyable.
the location could not be better!!
you are right on the baga road with all the hustle and bustle that goes with it!!
the beach is just a short walk away.
plenty of taxis outside the hotel.
agree your price beforeyou get in!!
you can hire the taxi by the trip or by the day.
our taxi driver, glen had many trips to take advantage of.
i recommend you take the spice plantation trip.
really informative and interesting.
the jungle book trip was fantastic!!
we stayed in a goan hut overnight, had a ride on an elephant, saw elephant shows, fed the elephants and also went down to a stunning river and washed the elephants!!
we also had dancing around a firepit well intothe night!!!
those that got up early had a walk up the mountain( fairly hard going) to the dashagar waterfall,saw a beautiful hindu temple and had a yoga class!!!!
the whole place is exciting, colourful and exhilarating.
must also mention the food at the ronil is absolutely excellent.
everything is cooked freshly.
many of the ingrdients are actually grown in the grounds of the hotel.
watch out for the man that cuts down the coconuts!!
he is truly a sight to behold!!
i wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and destination to family and friends.
indeed i will be back in january 2013!!!
overall the ronil beach is a good hotel and the staff are very friendly and helpful, however there are insufficient sun loungers for the amount of people who use the hotel and this causes issues.
the possessive behaviour i witnessed of the 3 english people who were in rooms v3 & v5 during the period 12th feb and still there on the 26th feb (and yes i am english myself) regarding the few sun beds and loungers that were available around the small pool was totally unacceptable.
we had a ground floor room and were able to witness their behaviour on the daily basis and by 0600 hrs each day they had marked out their territory by laying out towels and books, however there would be long periods throughout the day and especialy first thing in the morning when they were not being used but other people where wandering around looking for a sun bed /lounger.
there was one day on the 25th when another holiday maker managed to secure these 3 sun beds and the response on the 26th was swift and paroqial and just epitimised why us english are looked upon as fools.
the female victor meldrew of the party (we never saw her smile in two weeks) got up at 0440 hrs and put out towels, books and the wooden table signs which said reserved onto the 3 sun beds in order to ensure they secured "their" little bit of england.
see photos attached.
i believe these people stay at the hotel for up to 8 weeks and therefore believe they have a greater right to the use of the sun beds than other holiday makers so much so that i also believe the lady in question had the audacity to go and complain the the hotel manager that oher people had got "their" sun beds.
stayed at this hotel for the second time recently.
booked directly with the hotel and paid the same price as going through thompson but for a much larger room!
the staff are friendly and the food is excellent.
it is not a luxury hotel but represents good value.
hotel shows signs of wear and tear but as it is clean this just adds to it's indian charm.
wifi only works intermittently and our shower would flood the bathroom occassionaly but having been to india several times you get in the habit of laughing at things not operating with precision!
my wife and i stayed at the ronil beech 4th till 11th feb for 1 week.room no c4 ground level by pool but facing outwards so small balcony was not very appealing but this didn"t bother us as we never use it anyway.rooms cleaned daily with fresh towels and clean sheets, fan plus remote control a/c.breakfast was fine consisted of omlettes,eggs to order,toast machine fruit and a couple of spicy dishes plus tea & coffee served at your table no problems there also a great touch by the hotel was the three free 1000 rupee vouchers which each voucher would buy you a 2 course meal for 2 with sides.food is of a very high standard and you are able to enjoy a great meal whilst being entertained by various singers.the hotel also provides clean beech towels daily which you pick up at the security gate on the way out and drop them there on the way back.one downside was the pool which didn"t look very appealing and was hardly used think this may have been lack of some sort of filter/cleaning system as water just seemed to be stagnent.outside the hotel everything is right there from supermarket to chemist to cash machines right amongst the madness that is baga.we loved baga and this hotel and will be returning next year.
arrived back from the ronil beach the 3rd of feb what a great hol, staff friendly food great a 3 star hotel but made to feel like a 5 star guest.
on the main baga road so the rooms at the front of the hotel can be noisey but the inside rooms ok.
rooms cleaned sheets changed each day.
staff are wonderful, once outside the hotel you have to remember you are in india dusty bit grubby, costs pint of beer 100 rps 20 ciggs 60 rps curry and rice with a bread 300 rps.
we got 77 to the £.
we will return!!!!
we agree wholeheartedly with the previous writer.
however our one complaint was that we were given e4 as our room on arrival.
it must the the worst room in the hotel on the front corner with all the noise from the road outside which meant we could not open windows or even curtains, nor sit on the balcony.
we refused to stay there even one night as we had not slept on the long flight from the uk, and insisted we needed a quiet room.
eventually with the help of the jewel in the crown rep we were given a room in v block at the back but with no balcony for 1 night, and then were moved to v!
a room on the ground floor overlooking the small pool with a balcony.
we were very happy with this room but feel it was unacceptable that we had to make a fuss to achieve it.
for some reason the meal vouchers we received were only for 600 rupees.
we were not expecting them anyway and only found out other guests received 1000 rupee vouchers a few days before leaving.
apart from the way we were treated on arrival, we found the staff friendly and helpful.
stayed here from january 9th for 2 weeks.
first time in this hotel, but have been to goa six times over the last 15 years.
as some reviews have suggested the hotel is basic but is relatively clean.
the staff at the hotel were very friendly and polite.
we had booked our holiday with thomas cook and thought we were going bed and breakfast, however we were given 6 food vouchers, each worth 1,000 rupees to spend in the hotel restaurant.
(when changing money the currency exchange rate was 78-76 rupees to the £1.00) the food in the restaurant was really good and reasonably priced for a hotel so a couple could eat quite well on a 1,000 rupee voucher.
i can think of only 3 negative comments about the hotel.
we arrived at the hotel around 08.00am and were advised that the room would be ready for 10.30am.
this then changed to 11.00am, then we eventually got allocated a room at 11.50am.
after such a long flight i felt that having to wait around for almost 4 hours was not really acceptable.
the swimming pools were also not as clean as they could have been.
there was visible scum and debris floating on top of the pool, and a number of people stopped going in because of this.
the pool attendant did go round the pool with a fishing net on a stick a couple of times a day to try to skim off the debris but it never appeared to be really clean.
the road outside the hotel got so busy, especially at weekends, that it was really hard to cross the road safely.
although cars would be bumper to bumper going nowhere due to the volume of traffic, motorbikes and scooters would be weaving in and out and even driving on the wrong side of the road to try to sneak through.
everyone would be honking their car/bike/scooter horns and it started to wear you down after a while.
in the two weeks we were there we saw two very bad accidents just outside the hotel, not something you want to see on holiday.
the hotel is located on the corner of baga road and titos road so tito's nightclub and lots of other bars are literally on the doorstep.
we were initially allocated a room in d block at the front of the hotel but asked to be moved after one night as we wanted a balcony not a terrace, and the noise from the traffic was quite loud.
we were moved to a room in v block at the back of the hotel with a good sized balcony.
once the balcony doors were closed we did not hear the traffic at all.
in fact it was so peaceful in v block that we had a view over the river and you could sit on your balcony and see eagles flying around.
all in all i feel ronil is a good hotel but i will probably stay in calangute/candolim next time due to the traffic situation in baga.
i have visted ronil after a gap of 10 yrs, unfortunately it is not the same as before firstly as many other hotles have come up around the same area and with better ammenties.
its not worth for what you paying for ammeneties in the highest category rooms is limited.
stayed here early dec.11.
the hotel is pretty basic, which i had been told to expect in goa.
however everywhere was clean and tidy.
we stayed bed & breakfast, but the hotel gave us some vouchers for other meals and so we ate dinner at the hotel almost every other night, and found the food delicous and well cooked.
i found the staff friendly and helpful, we had to move rooms due to a leak but it was all handled very well.
i would definately stay here again.
just back from our holiday in baga and had a really nice stay at the ronil.
rooms were clean and comfortable, large and airy.
staff was always on hand to help, even if you wanted cornflakes and cold milk at lunchtime!!
towards the end of the stay i was ill and they fussed around to look after me no end.
food was nice and so cheap; book a poolside table in the evening and listen to the live entertainment.
breakfast was varied and well stocked every morning.
the only downside to it was the incredibly busy road outside, where you literally too your life in your hands sometimes.
but, that's india!!
so all in all a great holiday made by the accommodation and i would definitely recommend.
just got back from two weeks at ronil beach i was there for christmas and new year and i must say my partner and i really had a wonderful stay.
the christmas day and new years eve gala's were both fantastic you could see that all of the staff had put in loads of effort to make sure everyone had a wonderful time.
the room we stayed in was fine cleaned every day and plenty of fresh towels.
once again we have returned from baga in january having experienced the welcome that awaits all at the ronil.
the staff are superb and the captains great at making sure your stay is comfortable and pleasurable.
baga was even busier this year, must be the price of enjoyment because it is still simply affordable alround.
the fire n ice restaurant shouldn't be missed if you fancy a steak and if you want a genuine, fantastic cabby then look no further than blossom, i can supply number.
we went to the ronil in october, it was our first time in india, the hotel was clean ,the staff very firendly roui the manager was very friendly and cooked for us one night what a treat.
cant wait to go back .
thanks ronil for making our holiday .!!!
we arrived in the early hours and found the check in rather abrupt, the porters were taking other people to their rooms, eventually a guest staying there helped us out.
the room was clean -ish (i had to get a cleaner to remove something undesireable in the loo but that was no problem), the telly was a bit erratic, sparks only occasionally flew from it when i moved it.
the initial negatives out of the way, we were in v block overlooking the pool.
the room was cleaned to a high standard every day with fresh bedding and towels changed daily.
we took our own kettle as not provided for in the room but we 'splashed out' on room service occasionally.
a good menu but sadly only available until 11pm.
breakfast was simple, eggs cooked to order, fruits, cereals, toast, local dishes, heklp yourself to tea or coffee from the urn, but we chose to avoid the very sweet stuff and ordered our own pot of tea/coffee.
the staff and the massage/sauna staff were friendly, reception guys were helpful.
we ate in the hotel restaurant 3 nights each week, being given vouchers for 600 rupees for each meal for a total 6 meals in the fortnight.
the food was delicious, i recommend the xacuti, mutton or chicken especially.
we found that getting a sunbed at the hotel was difficult and one would have to play the game of getting up early to put your towel down.
the pools are not big and a shame as swimming in the sea is not an option for anyone but a strong swimmer.
the hotel is situated opposite titos lane which is a short distance from the beach, but the road is chaotic, especially on a saturday night, there are no pavements as such but this did not put us off.
overall we found the hotel ideally placed for the beach, bars and restaurants, it was not pretentious and we enjoyed our stay.
just got back from two amazing weeks at the ronil beach, absolutely loved it, the hotel was a little gem.
the staff couldnt do enough for you, the rooms were cleaned everyday, towels/linen changed.
we were in room d7 overlooking the large pool, we had a queen size bed and even though the bathroom was a littled tired looking, it was spotless, perfect for us.
new years eve was amazing, we hadnt planned to spend all evening in the hotel, but after all the effort that the hotel put into such a brilliant night, we stopped for the whole evening and it was fab, the food in the hotel is lovely, couldnt fault anything.
as it was our first time in goa, we had our worries but i can honestly say we cant wait to go back especially to the ronil beach.
i can honestly say it was my best holiday ever, the people are amazing and i felt perfectly safe wondering round the town on my own when my husband wasnt feeling very well!!!
cant wait to return next year.
ps you can buy all the malaria tablets/mosquito repellent/sun cream so much cheaper in goa than u can in the uk.
also recommend the shamrock jewellers opposite the hotel.
stayed here for a month in december 2011.
staff friendly, but service suffered occasionally.
food was very good when choosing the goan/indian options.
rooms were basic and could do with refurbishment (we were in v block) but towels and bedding changed every day.
rooms were cleaned daily to a fashion but not to european standards.
beach towels provided and we had tv (with lots of channels) and a safe in the room.
we stayed over christmas and new year where the hotel went to exceptional effort for the gala dinners with superb settings, excellent buffet food, and great fireworks (although entertainment was more 60's based then present day).
would stay here again its a little haven from the hustle and bustle of baga.
my wiife and i stopped at the ronil over the xmas period.all we can say is thankyou to the management and staff for a wonderful stay and xmas,arriving at the ronil you wonder where have we come to,on entering the hotel it all changes with a warm welcome,we were shown to our room,we found it very roomy,with furniture that was dated,the decor needed a bit of a touch up to the paintwork,but apart from that it was clean,with ample towels and clean sheets,in the uk this would have taken their 3 star rating to a one star,but with the cleanliness of the rooms,and change of towels and sheets daily,and service and welcome we received,it certainly earned its 3 stars plus.the pool areas were kept clean,the hotel supplied,poolside towels daily on demand,also beach towels on the same basis.going out of the hotel,you realise that you are in the center of baga,we found it to be different to what we saw on arrival,vibrant and exciting,a feeling we never lost for the 2 weeks we stayed there,near to the beach,and the main thing we found it was safe to walk around at any time of day or night.we booked bed and breakfast,but on arrival the hotel gave us 6 vouchers to the value of 1000 rupees for six free meals at the hotel,just for food you pay for your drinks.there are no tea making facilities in the room,but room service was available.the decorations the hotel put up were very attractive,and the tables and final decor for xmas day did us all proud,as did the free meal and entertainment the hotel provided,it was a very special christmas.just a few tips,in the uk you pay between £4-£10 for mosquito spray,in goa you pay 53rupees,bear in mind there are 80 rupees to the pound,about.also if you have an unlocked phone take it to a phone shop,i used the one next to the state bank in clangute,along with a passport photo,and your passport,and purchase an airtel sim card,you will pay pennies for your calls back to the uk,slightly more to mobiles,but only slightly.all in all we had an excellent stay at the ronil,with absolutely no complaints,thanks to the staff and management,and would recommend it to anyone,your in india,the blemishes are few,and dont let them spoil your holiday,enjoy.
based on their website photos and description i booked a deluxe room with hotel with advance payment made in sep already, on arrival the appearance of the hotel did not fit the description nor photos, furthermore the front office staff were extremely unhelpful and acted as if they were doing me a favour.
upon entry to my room my family and i were extremely disappointed with what appeared to be a 2 star room not even close to a deluxe room.
the room and bahroms were very un hygienic.
i immediately went down to reception and asked for the manager named austin.
we informed him that we wished to find alternate accomodation for reasons stated above and requested a refund.
he did not listen to our complaints or even bother to try and accommodate us a family of four including two children, his reply was simply that a no refund policy was upheld despite me not being informed.
he replied saying that i the customer did not ask about the cancellation policy whilst communicating directly with him via email.
i did not inquire but srongly believe tha nor did he or the website disclose any cancellation policy which as a now still does not contain any reference to same.
i am totally disgusted with this hotel and the poor sevice we received especially the unwillingness to come to some compromise.
to top it off austin asked me to pay 100 rupees for wifi access so tha i could find alternate accomodation, this after paying 40000 rupees on advance.
this is immoral and requires reporting to the appropriate authorities.
my family & i stayed at ronil resorts, baga, goa in dec 2011.
location: unbeatable.
located on the baga – calangute road, very close to the beach (5 mn walk, about 300 mts) and roughly in the center of these 2 ends (baga, calangute), tending to be closer to baga rather than calangute end which is a good thing.
the road opposite the resort leads to baga beach and on both sides of this road are the happening spots of goa such as tito’s, mambo’s etc.
the baga calangute road in itself too has many shops / supermarkets / restaurants close by.
my favorite restaurant in these parts was jamie’s – towards baga end of the beach.
o’pescador – another good restaurant is a 5 min walk away.
some of the good beach shacks such as lucky star / shining star etc are close by on baga beach.
the beach itself is quite clean and less crowded.
there are all the usual water sport activities available at the beach.
demeanor of counter staff: not on par with some of the 5 star properties i have stayed in, though not rude either.
just a bit unconcerned / distant (as opposed to the profusely welcoming and warm feelings that greet us in properties such as the taj).
rooms: basic and clean.
medium sized.
i think the bed sheets and towels were changed daily.
no issues on cleanliness.
air conditioning was adequate.
there was a small fridge in the room which made some noises so we shut it off.
no newspapers in the room.
cant comment on room service since we never ordered anything to the room.
best rooms: in blocks v, g, i and j.
we stayed in room j-05 and we liked the location of the room.
it was towards the rear of the hotel and away from the pool and the main road (both of which can be noisy).
the pool-side has live musicians / singers who play in the evening so rooms near the main pool can be a bit noisy.
pools: they have 2 small pools.
clean and well maintained.
we did not swim in the pools since the ocean and the beach beckoned.
food: our package consisted of only breakfast which was quite average though edible.
basic eggs made to order (omelet, scrambled, fried – watch the oil!!
), toast, jam, butter, pork sausages, bacon, tinned backed beans (which were not warm), tinned juices, one south india option (idli, utthapa), one puri-bhaji option (the bhaji was quite sad), tea / coffee.
there was a live counter making dosa’s one day and the dosa’s were outstanding.
since we did not have lunch / dinner in the hotel, we cant comment on the same.
the breakfast timings are from 7.30 am to 10.30 am and the closer you get to 10.30 am, the more likelihood of you *not* getting some items (once the sausages finished off at 10.15 am and were not replenished).
all counters close at 10.30 am sharp.
wi-fi: available only in the lobby at a charge of inr 100/- for 24 hours.
overall rating: 3.5/5.
a great little budget hotel in the heart of one of the most happening places in north goa.
highly recommended considering limited hotel options in that area.
we stopped for two weeks in november, hotel itself is well positioned close to restaurants / shops etc.
*food (curries) are amazing and cheap in price!
food hygeine seems pretty good - no delhi belly !
*location 5 mins to beach, supermarkets, shops and restaurants on door step.
*didnt have to fight for a sunlounger.
*service from waiters were good, nothing was too much trouble!
*entertainment on certain nights were very good - esp weds and fridays!
some other "singers" they have on sound like a cat being strangled!
*pool - the main pool is absolutely filthy and caused a few people to be ill whilst there, would avoid at all costs !
pool guy used a net for about 30 secs in a morning and that was it, there seems to be a film of dirt layered across the top which he doesn't seem to do anything about....walk to the beach instead !
* rooms are very basic, although sheets and towels are changed daily sheets still have stains / blood on them which was quite off putting for guests.
bathroom was never cleaned "properly" and although floor was brushed it was never mopped so your feet were always black!
beds are the hardest i have ever slept in, however our room was not situated near the road so was very quiet !
*hassle from taxi drivers as soon as you go out the reception who stand crowding you outside the gates, can get a bit annoying after two weeks !
overall was an enjoyable holiday would recommend jungle book trip and taj mahal possibly would go back again but not for many years !
certainly very basic but with a location like that and great helpful and friendly staff i was very happy.
we had selected ronil's due to proximity to baga beach...
the rooms are nice are book rooms in the villas at the front side of the property as the room on the back side are not too great....
have been to india many times and each time return home wanting more!
in my experience ronil beach is a basic 3 star hotel in the middle of action packed baga.
ideally situated for baga, shops, beach and the many eating places, a quick taxi ride will take you to calangute, candolim or further a field to the old hippy hang out of arambol.
rooms are of a reasonable size, very basic such is the standard with most of the hotels that we have stayed in goa.
bed linen and towels were changed daily and the room had a brief clean daily.
already there.
this was done without any problems.
food was well cooked, in plentiful supply and service was good,room service excellent.
staff on the whole were friendly, reception staff tended to adopt a professional stance until you had met them a few times and then as friendly and smiling as the rest of the staff.
pools seemed to have plenty of sun beds and didnt seem overcrowded.
the only suggestion i would make for real improvement would be the bathrooms need some tlc, quite dirty, well used and soiled.
other than this a great hotel on par with several other 3 star places in north goa and better than others.
pathetic service, pathetic staff....trust me, you wanna stay here at your own risk.
we booked a three day package and checked out after the first day forfeiting our entire money.
there are many better hotels in and around baga which will cost you the same and much better service and staff.
all i want to say is that stay here at your own risk.
visited ronil beach resort november 2011, geat location but the room was very very basic and in need of a makeover although i think we drew the short straw as we visited a friends room on our last day and it was alot better!.
the main road gets very very busy and the indians love there horns so avoid rooms facing the main road.
the breakfast is great with all eggs (omlettes, fried, scrambelled etc) available at request.
the meals are also very nice too!!!.
also get meal coupons aswell which come in very handy!.
would definately reccomend and visit again but not in the same room.
amazing holiday overall!!!!!!
stayed in march 2011, first room dark and dirty.
second room was under the air conditioning plant that had a constant drone.
third room much improved and was happy to stay.
food was good.
staff was very help full and polite, except the cleaner who decided our bed was his place to watch tv from while we were out.
great position for beach ect.
myself and my wife have just returned from 2 weeks in baga, after staying at he ronil.
if it's your first time in india then please do not expect the same stadard hotel as you get in most european hotels.
the rooms are basic and are cleanish although not spotless, but hey this is india accept it for what it is and you will be fine.
we stayed in room v19 which was toward the back of the hotel on the second floor and overlooked the small pool which was nice and quiet.
the pool area is very nice and the food is good.
the staff are very courteous, helpful and friendly and the hotel is one of the best in baga and i would certainly use it again.
1. excellent location.
it's right in the heart of baga.
tito's, mambo's, the baga beach shacks... everything is barely a 200m walk.
the renowned britto's cafe is just down the road... about 1 km from the resort.
other places in north goa... fort aguada, anjuna/ vagator beach etc.
2. very good facilities in the hotel... although you won't be using them if you are staying that close to baga.
the resort has a couple of nice & clean pools, a snooker/pool table.
they also have very nice live music by the pool in the evenings.
4. they are quite flexible as they didn't charge me for an early check-in; i checked-in as early as 7am while regular check-in time is 1pm.
5. you can get bikes and cabs right outside the hotel gate.
not just one or two providers... there are hordes of them so you can bargain with multiple of them and choose the bike you want.
the hotel also has a decent sized parking space so you don't have to worry about parking the rented bike.
the negatives of this resort, apart from a few, won't really matter as once in baga, you won't feel like spending much time in the hotel.
1. bedsheets weren't what you call squeeky clean whites.
i could spot a couple of brown marks.
2. the person answering your calls for reservation queries isn't quite pleasing.
3. they don't provide airport pick-up & drop... but that hardly matters as cabs are available right outside the hotel.
the receptionist also arranges for your cab.
4. the staff isn't very pleasing.
we had to ask for water to be provided in our room.
don't go for the water that they provide.
ask for mineral water.
best - buy a bottle of mineral water from outside.
5. there is a significant difference in the size & location of the rooms.
the best located rooms (standard deluxe) are the ones with a view of the pool.
and the worst are the ones facing the road, which can be noisy at times.
insist for a pool facing room right at the time of booking.
you won't get those rooms at the last moment.
also, be careful, some of the rooms (including the one i stayed in) have a garbage heap outside your balcony.
although there was no stink from there... but it didn't provide the best view from balcony.
overall, i'll highly recommend this hotel if you want to enjoy and explore goa.
outstanding goa choice.
nice rooms.
great pool.
couple blocks from the beach and a bunch of great seafood places.
very very pleasant.
kinda slow wireless and kinda hard beds, but very very acceptable.
general manager and staff rock.
lots of indian families.
for travellers who are looking for a decent safe place for family which is close to the beach and the action but are looking at a budget well within 4000 inr (~ 100 usd), this is the place to be.
the rooms are decent and clean with all necessary amenities.
we had a lot of fun just going around goa on bikes which you will get bang opposite the hotel for 200-250 inr a day.
the crowd that comes to the hotel is also very decent with a large number of foreign tourists preferring this hotel.
it is also very close to "tito's" where all the action takes place especially on saturday nights as well as close to baga beach where you can just relax with some drinks and sea food ...
overall i would certainly recommend this place as a value for money, safe, clean hotel..
but if you are looking at the likes of a fancy five star hotel this may not be for you.
this is the most preferable hotel if you wish to stay close to baga beach - for family and single travellers alike.
it is at 45 minutes drive from airport.
taxi charges you rs.
830/-.
rooms are clean.
good complimentary breakfast.
very co-operative front office and hotel staff and one gets the feel of security inside the premises.
it is a no frills hotel.
there is constant movement of check in & checking out guests which gives you a feeling of liveliness in the hotel.
in case you do not wish to eat in their restaurant, the staff will even advise you on the best possible eating places around.
there are taxis and motorbikes available for hire right outside the hotel.
the staff are very rude.
the rooms are decent for a family or friends type outing to goa.
the swimming pool is double the size of a regular bath-tub.
but i got to give it to the location - baga.
right next to the happening place - full of resto-bars that are open till 4am in the morning.
well what can i say abt ronils, its situated at the right place on baga beach opp.
the main party lane which goes to titos etc.
we have always stayed at ronils whenever in goa as it feels like home away from home...would recommend this hotel always.
have never seen a low quality crowd here who create ruckus here in al my visits.
mr. austin the manager was of a very great help when we had problems with the room.
we have been staying at the ronil beach for the last 4 years and it is a nice clean comfortable hotel, the staff are excellent, the food is good for hotel food.
excellent choice at breakfast and if dining there in the evening the tables are candlelit round the pool and always busy.
the entertainment isnt up to much but they make an effort.
we prefer to be out sampling the great restaurants near by, fiesta and j & a to name two but there is so much choice from italian to great indian food.the rooms are clean air conitioned anf have a fridge.
some of the rooms round the pool are a little small and dark but when you have been on the beach all day its nice to come back to a shower and lovely cool room.
we are very fussy about hotels but are always happy with this little gem.
stayed at ronil beach resort between 06.10.2011 and 08.10.2011.
very clean and tidy place.
staff was friendly.
check in and check out was very fast.
housekeeping was perfect.
complimentary buffet breakfast was good.
live omelete counter was enjoyable.
baga beach, titos and other lanmarks are within a 5 minute walk.
it is one of the few hotels close to beach that have secured car parking facility.
since we went over there in our own car, safe parking was a big plus for us.
did not try inhouse restaurant for lunch and dinner.
did not try the swimming pool also.
on the whole we had a great stay and would definitely lookforward for staying again with them.
while checking out, in haste we forgot to pick up from reception counter our hand bag which contained all memory cards and videos of our stay at goa.
after travelling around 200km out of goa we realized about the missing bag.
we called immedaitely and the front office promised us to send the same by courier.
in a weeks time, the bag was nicely packed and sent across to us through courier service.
heartfelt thanks to the staff and management of ronil beach resort, otherwise all the beautiful memroies of the good time spent at goa would have been lost.
the ronil resort is an aging property with outdated small rooms, worn out equipment and dirty bathrooms.
there is no tea/coffee maker in the room and you are not provided any complimentary bottles of mineral water.
the fittings, fixtures, matresses and the bathrooms do not seem to have received any refurbishment or renovation for years.the air conditioners rattle, the white phones have yellowed with age, cable quality on old style televisions is extremely poor, the remotes for the tv and ac are greasy and falling apart.
the beds, cabinets and the single chair in the room are of such shoddy quality that it is hard to beleive that a resort would have such furniture.
the consistency of the breakfast spread is 100 % i.e everyday it is the same fare so you can have the same puri/chana or omellete toast during the entire length of your stay.
it also needs to be added that the breakfast is dumped on the tables in an unaesthetic manner much like a chore that needs to be done and got over with.
a friend who had the ayurvdea massage mentioned that the sheets were greasy and dirty, there were cobwebs on the roof and the massage room was cramped, unpleasant and smelly.
the lobby and reception are similarly seedy and poorly kept.
the sofas in the lobby have all sorts of stains and the cushions sag.
they have an extremely slow wi-fi service which is available only in the lobby ( yes to use it you have to sit on the sagging stained cushions and no it is not free)to sum up - the ronil resort is in an advanced state of decay.
do not be misled by the fact that the pool appears pristine or that the exterior looks very white in the pictures.
i booked this resort based on the reviews which i read on tripadvisor which showed the resort in a very positive light but the actual scenario is completely different.
for the first time since i have been using tripadvisor, i was even forced to doubt the veracity of the reviews.
another point that i would like to mention is that normally travel portals are given the best rates by hotels/resorts but in the case of the ronil this is not so.
they are open to negotiation with the walk in customers and chop off huge amounts from their rack rates with those who haggle.
the distinctive feature which keeps this resort going is it's location.
it is in the nucleus of goa and bang in the middle of goa's tourist central i.e the calangute-baga road.
so though it may be walking distance from tito's, cape town or the beach it is still not worthwhile for even a mildly discerning traveller.
in fact bear in mind that it's locational advantage is overly touted and location does not mean that you can get away with baby cockroaches in the bathrooms.
my husband and i spent 2weeks at the ronil in febuary.
it was our first time in goa and was told not to expect very high standards.
although the standard wasn't as high as you would expect in a hotel in the uk it was still very comfortable, the staff are first class!
the only grip we had was being in a ground floor room.
can't wait to visit goa again!
my stay was a pleasant one.location is great.tito's, mambo's,cape town cafe, brittos- all nearby.what else you need when you visit goa and stay at a place from where every happening place is just 5 or 10 minutes walk.very well maintained, they serve good food too.very courteous staff.you can also shop as good shops are also nearby.
ronil's is an economical and very conveniently located property just by the baga beach.
the staff is very courteous and friendly.
ronil's is just 5 mins walk from the baga beach.
there are lovely shops outside the hotel and many choices to eat and dine.
its also easy to get cabs and travel for sight seeing when you stay at ronil's.
very lively atmosphere !
hotel very clean and welcoming.
booked b+b but were given vouchers to use for lunch or dinner (excludes drinks) at approx.
£9 daily.
this is more than enough for 2 people and the food is very good indeed.
good choice for breakfast and staff are excellent.
very friendly.
rooms a little jaded but comfortable with a choice of ceiling fan or air conditioning at no extra cost.
no extra charge for safe either.
lots of sunbeds around the pool and although the main street located right outside the hotel entrance, almost no noise can be heard at the pool.
evening entertainment also very good and something for all adults.
baga very lively indeed with excellent bars and restaurants.
food superb and everybody welcoming.
5-10 minute walk to the beach (very busy) and stall sellers can be a real nuisance with their constant invites to "look at my shop".
with no refuse collection infrastructure, baga streets are very dirty with no pavement.
once you get over the cultural shock and accept you can't change it, you will enjoy it.
haggle for everything.
it's good fun if you're up for it.
a real pain in the neck if you're not.
candolim beach was quieter with less beach peddlars so thoroughly enjoyed my day there.
baga beach very busy and the various beach shacks are excellent particularly bonnie's.
calangute is filthy with hordes of people.
didn't book any trips so can't coment.
i would return but my boyfriend wouldn't.
enjoyed my holiday very much though.
i went with my friends and stayed at this resort...a very decent one.
we had loads of fun.
hotel is located just 5 mins walk from the beach...and baga is thee place to be....i would recommend people to stay here.
4th visit to this great hotel and same quality if not better every year , management , garden, kitchen, waiter and roomboys just are so nice and kind and cannot do enough for you , best location in north goa for bars, resturants , shopping and beach which are right on your doorstep , would not even consider another hotel when i return which im planning to do many many times , suitable for all ages due to the ground floor rooms and is not high rise so you dont have nightmares of thinking you are in benidorm.
we stayed in the 'v' block our room over looked the small pool, lovely and quiet, room service and laundry service was excellent, enjoyed all the food the waiters were all very friendly.
i have stayed ronil thrice till now and have never been disappointed.pool side dinner is fun with the live band playing nice english and local tracks don't miss it.i suggest you get reservations in advance.hotel is located just 5 mins walk from the beach , bagga is a great place to spend fun time with freinds there are lot of pubs around the hotel , cafe capetown is good , tito's club ,even casinos .
two swimming pools and all rooms have a nice view of the pool,rooms are well accompalished and definately worth the price.
this hotel is just walkable from the famous tittos and brttos.
you can walk directly to beach .
over all a good place to stay .
nice hotel with clean rooms and friendly staff.
near titos beach, so great location for nightlife.
clean pool and good breakfast included.
the rates are negotiable, especially in off-season, so haggle with them.
we stayed there for a week.
i have never quite understood how people can visit the same hotel in the same resort in the same country every year ... until now.
i have travelled and visited many countries and this experience has to trump them all.
i wasn’t quite sure what to expect as i had never visited india.
i was very impressed with the whole experience.
the hotel was lovely and the location was perfect.
all of the staff were very friendly and welcoming.
the rooms were spacious and well air conditioned.
there was a fridge and tv in the room and i can confirm that they played all of the english football matches throughout the stay.
the rooms were cleaned on a daily basis to a very good standard.
food and drink was very reasonably priced in the hotel.
the pools were very clean and definitely needed in such heat.
the weather was amazing for both weeks however if you don’t like the heat then don’t visit goa.
the resort baga was equally nice.
the people were kind and friendly and the prices were so cheap.
baga beach was a five minute walk and quite touristy however there were many more secluded beaches in the local area.
baga beach had many water sports available.
there was also various services available on the beach such as beauty treatments and massage.
i had my nails manicured with nail art and the cost was approximately £5 which was fantastic.
we stayed bed and breakfast in the hotel and glad we did as there was so much choice in terms of restaurants.
i was amazed in terms of the choice of food.
i suffer with a nut allergy and every time i ate, the staff were very accommodating to ensure my food was not contaminated by any nuts.
the alcohol was so cheap and the local beer is kingfisher and there were many offers available such as bogof on the bottles of kingfisher (70p for 2 bottles) and bogof on the most amazing cocktails you could drink.
i felt very safe to wander around baga alone or jump in a taxi and explore the area.
my only frustration was there was so much to see or get involved with and not enough time to do it all, which means i will be booking to return next year.
we stayed in the ronil beach resort for two weeks in late march.
the hotel is basic but clean and tidy.
the rooms have what you need, somewhere to sleep somewhere to wash, somewhere to leave your belongings and a balcony .the room also has a/c and a free safe.
if you are wanting a hotel room where you are going to spend all your time this is not the hotel for you.
the hotel ground were very clean and tidy and very well maintained.
the rooms were cleaned every day.
the restraunt was ok, breakfast was very basic eggs/ cereal/toast/juice etc sufficent for us.
the restraunt got very busy at the weekend and they struggled to cope with the service but other than that we cannot complain.
the hotel location was good, in the centre, there is a taxi rank o/s the hotel.
the beach, restraunts and bars were not even two minutes away.
there are plenty of shops for supplies and plenty of places to change money.
the rates dont vary that much but we found that if you stuck to the same place they gave you a better rate.
we walked along the beach along to calungute which was a busier resort, but it just had the same shops.
can recommend jamies for excellent food and service, we had the best fillet steak ever.
i would say if you are going to goa, this would be a good hotel to try.
if your intrested in jewellery then try shamrocks just across from the hotel.
we stayed in this hotel for 2 weeks and it was great.the rooms were clean and spacious.we stayed in room i6 and had a huge kingsize bed.the staff were very nice and friendly.the meals were very nice and we were given 300 ruppes a day to spend on food either at lunch or evening as we were half board.
thec location was ideal as across from titos lane and all the nightlife.it was a 5 minute walk to the beach and we used captains cabin beach shack for food and drinks.the staff were lovely there.
all in all a lovely hotel and first visit to goa.would we go back to this hotel.definately!!
we stayed in this hotel in march 2011, didn't know what to expect but overall was very impressed.
central for shops, beach and taxi's outside the door to take you anywhere for very little money.
very cheap for good food and alcohol and pressies.
people nice & friendly.
cheap to buy suncreams and chemist accross road fab if you need anything.
lots to do and see we had great day at spice garden with elephant ride and wash, great fun.
also enjoyed waterfall and feeding monkey's.
beaches great and the arabian occean wonderful and warm.
met lots of friendly tourists who have been many times before.
we would definately go back again.
weather in the 30's for two weeks fantastic.
long flight but well worth it.
we was getting 71.5 rupees to the pound.
meals at hotel 250 rupees per person.
water from shops and bars very cheap, 5lt for 80p, vodka 60p, 2 cocktails for £3.
we had no complaints at all.
just back from our 2 week holiday in baga, stayed at the ronil beach resort hotel.
we e-mailed before we went out to ask if it was possible to have a room with a pool view and when we arrived we had a great room with a balcony looking onto the small pool (room no v7).
when we arrived we were given 600 rps vouchers for each day to use on food for lunch or evening meal (approx £8.50) which was ample for 2 to eat.
rooms cleaned everyday, fresh towels and bed linen.
two pools, one large main pool and a smaller quieter pool, both clean and fresh towels provided, although it is lacking in sunbeds.
breakfast was ample, fresh omelettes, fried eggs, boiled eggs, bacon, sausages, beans, homemade porridge, cereal, toast, fruit and a selection of indian breakfast.
location was perfect, right opposite 'tito's' road, this is the road to the beach which is a 5 min stroll... it had plenty of bars, shops and resturants to choose from.
on the beach there were plenty of beach shacks as far as you could see, they all offered great food at great value for money.
recommed 'lucky stars, bottlebay and zanzibar.
best steak ever had was at bottlebay!
food is great price, 2 of us ate starters, main and couple of drinks each and came fo around £10-£13.
we sat and watched the life go by at a nice bar called 'cocktails & dreams' there were lots of other nice bars too.
try the honey bee brandy, goan drink.... its about £1 for a short with coke or lemonade at the bars, however you can by a bottle from shop for £2:00.
the beer out there is kingfisher and a large bottle is about 70p a pint.
we went on trip to cola beach for the night, stayed in a arabian tent, it had two single beds that can be pushed together for a double, seperate bathroom with shower, toilet and a sink unit very beautiful.
it was a secluded beach with only 7 tents and there was just 10 of us.food was included but not drinks, however they were still as cheap as anywhere else.
beach was beautiful full of palm trees, right in the jungle, sea was a bit rocky but still beautiful.
it was £60 for the two of us and well worth the experience.
we would recomend this hotel as it is very relaxing and pieceful, and perfect location.
met some very nice people and they were very happy to see us and very helpful.
will go back one day, however the world is a big place with other places to visit.
we booked a 3 nights package in november 2010 and it was full value for money.
the rooms were clean and spacious.
the swimming pools excellent and well the food was just great.
the breakfast was awesome (but slightly repetitive).
the best thing was that the service was always prompt and done with a smile.
i have stayed in numeroug goa hotels in the same price range earlier some even pricier but the service at ronil was by far the best.
enjoyed our stay in ronil.
staff were very attentive and willing to help in any situation (a.c. not working or bulbs out etc ) the room we were allocated was not the best tho as it was next to access to kitchen and laundry services so we were disturbed by lorries coming and going very early in the morning doing their deliveries, so i would advise not to stay in rooms a3 and a4 unless you like an early morning call!
rooms cleaned exceptionally well and reception staff very well mannered.
taxi service outside the gates of hotel at all times(milin was a good driver ) recommend kamaki bar for cheap but good drinks halfway up tito's lane and they have big screen for sports too !
hubby loved the magic shop there as well.
i would also recommend lucky star beach shack for great service (robin on the beach can do fab henna tattoos) and great food too.
kitchen is clean and also nice toilet for a beach shack (look out for the giant toilet key!)
the reception staff dont smile and are not welcoming like other experiences we have had throughout india, our room was not cleaned one day and we had to ask for this to be done!!.
just did not have the friendly atmosphere we expected from a hotel in baga, we have been coming to baga for 15yrs and stayed at this hotel for a treat, we were very dissapointed, and would not stay again, going back to the beimar hotel next year.
this is a 3 star hotel in india and we didn't expect much.
how wrong we were.
rooms had a free safe, good size, balcony and tv.
we weren't happy with our first room (no balcony and only half decorated) but after complaining we were moved, at no extra cost, to a much nicer room with balcony and pool view.
rooms were cleaned daily, as were towels and bed linen.
pools were spotless and plenty of staff to cater to your every need.
food was good and we were given a 600r voucher for food each day on arrival although not included in the holiday price.
great location and we would highly recommend the ronil.
we had been consistently messed around by the tour operator and after a few harsh words we ended up in the deluxe suite at this hotel.
the room was spacious, light, had a decent tv, fridge, safety deposit box, bath/shower area and comfy beds.
everyday room service gave it the once over so coming back in the evening it was brand new and smelling fresh.
the hotel is quite large and hosts 2 decent swimming pools and provides fresh bathing towels and sun beds.
breakfast is decent here too (included) and offers mixed cuisine.
the staff are very friendly towards women and would only ever say morning to my girlfriend after walking past me... i voiced this in the suggestions tab on the feedback form.
the hotel is a 5min walk to the beach and taxis/scooters are available at the main gate.
the hotel is in a prime location 5 minutes walk to the beach, lots of shops, restaurants and a wonderful coffee shop.
it is basic but clean, and yes if you are a 5 star holiday resort person, then this is not for you.
we did have a look in a few other hotels around this area and by far the ronil beach looked the best.
if you have any problems, no matter how small ask to see the manager mr rui madre deus, he will ensure that everything is sorted to your complete satisfaction.
dont bother asking reception staff, as they are the only staff who realy couldn't care less, they never smile.
the rest of his team how-ever are first class and a credit to rui, from the waiters, cleaners, gardener, chef's, and laundry wonderful.
it may not be a 5 star resort but it is definately 5 star service.
i am very fussy but would def recommend this hotel.
they treat you like you are the only guest there, thank you all.
remember this is goa things are different here, if you can accept that you will have a great holiday.
the ronil is bang in the centre of downtown baga on the baga/calangute road and is usually a very busy road especially on a weekend when the indians from mumbai come down for the weekend in the land cruiser type vehicles and it is jammed with motorbikes, scooters, tuk tuks, cars, bikes and buses choking you with fumes and the constant beeping of horns - remember this when you eat at the roadside restaurants, in fact don't on a weekend.
a taxi friend of ours in goa said that when driving in goa you use the horn and the brake and everything else goes including undertaking, pulling out into oncoming traffic, overtaking on blind summits and many other risky manouvures.
we stayed in v block with 2 friends and we were on the 1st floor with the balcony overlooking the back which was cluttered with a storage unit and various bits and bobs,so my patti asked to be moved as our friends were on the ground floor overlooking the small pool and this was achieved on day 3 with the room next door to our friends and it had a king sized bed but the mattress was not very thick so another was requested along with extra pillows and this was done in quick time by the room boys, and a small tip and a smile will secure good service for the rest of your stay.
yes the rooms are basic but cleaned daily and sheets and towels also changed daily.
the bathroom is ok with a shower which needs a bit of tweaking but its fine.
a constant plentiful supply of toilet rolls and soap is always their.
the safe in the wardrobe can be a problem when you find your code will not work but a quick call to reception gets it sorted quickly.
be aware to shut the doors when the sun goes down to keep the mozzies out.
the a/c is good if needed along with a ceiling fan, put the a/c on low when you go out on an evening and come back to a nice cool room then you can switch it off and just have the ceiling fan on low for the night.
breakfast is pretty good with a fair selection and fruit juices(orange & pineapple), toast with butter jam and marmalade, sausages and bacon with eggs fried, boiled, scrambled or an omelette cooked to order.
cornflakes and even porridge, hot and cold milk and ready made tea and coffee.
order fresh coffee it is much better.
fresh fruit is at hand and a selection of indian foods also.
the vouchers we received were for r600 per couple per day and good food could be had if you pooled your vouchers with friends and bought a selections of starters and a satisfying meal could be had.
all the staff are friendly and will help you if they can.
plenty of restaurants to choose from selling very good food at really low prices, kim faa is the best chinese restaurant in baga.
if you like people watching go to pinto's palace for a drink, its a bit scruffy but staff very friendly and usually frequented by english.
and if you get the delhii belly go straight to the nearest chemist and tell them the problem and they will supply you with some medication for about r100 and the locals tell you to drink water with limes in it for a day with no food and you will recover quicker.
best money exchange is on tito's road on the left about 50 yards up, don,t change money till after 10.30 in the morning because that is when the rate changes, the best we got was r73 to the pound but was usually r72.50.
don't change any in the hotel or buy any in england before you go because the rate will be crap.
taxi travel is relatively cheap but always negociate the price before you travel.
we usually book one for the full stay and have our own contact when we go back, they will take you to a beach in the morning and stay there all day and wait for you, they are provided with a place to rest and are fed by the shack owners for bringing them the business.
mandrem beach is my favourite, the food is very good and they have some beach huts you can stay in, they have a double bed with a mozzy net, ceiling fan, toilet and shower with wash basin, light and a power socket.
don't forget to haggle for a good price, if you eat and drink their you can get one for around r800.
fishing from the beach will get you small catfish and is just a bit of fun and sport done before the sun goes down.
you can usually get a bargain from the beach sellers if your prepared to haggle.
ice cream and fruit sellers are ever present.
beer is very cheap between 70 and 90 rupees.
glasses are good and much cheaper than at home, i got a pair of varifocals with reactolite lens for £82.00.
taxis are also right outside which we found very fairly priced for our trips to spice plantation & elephants we paid 1200 rupees return trip taxi only extra for entrance & rides, spice plantation was 400 rupees, you get a guided tour plus a buffet bargin.
taxi to panjim approx 45 mins each way we paid 800 return trip but you can barter for everything in goa have a go & see if you can beat me good luck!
we were getting 73 rupees to £1.
food in ronil was very good, breakfast good enough, the pools looked very nice i say that because we went to beach shacks every day when not on trips, rooms cleaned every day clean linen & towels every day would definately go back to ronil again, back to beach shacks the food & drinks are all good & cheap approx £1 a pint kingfisher or fosters yes fosters all bottles 5 vol, snacks approx £2-3 150-250 rupees, toilets in shacks are very basic be prepared some are better than others, the beaches & sun lounges all with towels on are free if you buy your water, beer, snacks etc in there shack makes up for toilets great beach holiday sun sun fun fun.
restaurants & bars are all close by mins walk from hotel we meet lotsof new friends in & around baga, we ended using two main bars de baga deck & limelite up titos lane opp hotel deck turn left outside hotel approx 5 mins walk, must say hallo to diane& dave from liverpool, & suraj & abhijeel thanks for advice for meal in deli da ba panjim very good, hope this helps a holiday is what you make it we had agreat time.
i travelled to goa for the very first time and we stayed at ronil.
excellent location in baga.
the beach is 5 minutes from the hotel and so are all the happening restaurants in baga including tito's.
the service is good, you dont have to call housekeeping at all, thy are prompt and come on their own to clean the room.
food is good, i have a 4 year old and not once did i have to worry about he quality of food.
this hotel is located right opposite the lane at baga beach where all the fun and party goes on.
the lane is lined up with numerous bars, pubs & clubs.
the hotel itself is a delight to stay at with pretty decent sized rooms and very personal and efficient service i recommend you to stay here as its just off the beach ans in the hustle bustle of the great night life yet quite.
hotel was very clean & situated in the centre of baga beach resort.
bar's restaurants & clubs on the door step.
taxi rank directly outside of hotel making it easy to go to quite beach's around 30 minute drive away.
taxi would take you there wait and bring you back for less than 10 pound sterling.
hotel thou clean room are sparse and you are better paying a little extra for a room upgrade taking you to the back of the centre and overlooking the 2nd pool.
we where put in a room directly above restaurant which can be noisey first thing in the morning and evening.
i didnt look in room but paid stright away for an upgrade.
this hotel is suited to young andyoung at heart.
we had to upgrade £50.00 per week to get a decent room,the service in the hotel was poor,the staff had poor english language,when you complained the waiters said they were too busy,the public area around the pool had not been washed in the three weeks we were there,same for the eating areas,you had to wipe your feet on the way out,would not go again,they now issue you with food coupons to get people to eat in the hotel,600 rupees a day just to make the place look busy never again.
i have stayed at the ronil before and remain a fan, but... first the good bits.
the staff are excellent, always smiling and helpful; the pool is good and the restaurant food excellent.
i booked direct with reception and was given a significant discount.
but, the rooms really need freshening up.
i had a room by the pool, it was kept clean but had grubby patches on the walls and damp around the air con machine.
the bed was rock hard.
the noisy air con fans were on all night, complemented by the traffic noise which is now non-stop.
finally although the food is excellent, the ambience is spoiled by the terrible "entertainment", local musicians with a repertoire of seventies balads!
our stay in goa was wonderful, a very memorable experience.
the hotel was comfortable and the staff very helpful.
we had a change of rooms at the beginning of the hotel as our room was positioned in the front near the crazy baga road and it was so noisy we could not sleep.
the manager was most accommodating.
however, during our stay we had two unfortunate incidents; firstly my watch disappeared from my room and secondly i had two dresses made by the resident dressmaker which, upon taking home, did not fit.
i was assured that a final fitting would not be required - it was !
i would also point out that the dressmaker within the ronil assured us that a credit/debit card would be acceptable upon completion of the dresses.
this was not the case.
when my husband offered a card on our last day to purchase the dresses the dressmaker confirmed he did not accept cards.
i challenged him about this and reminded him of our earlier conversation in which he said he did accept cards, his actual words being "of course, of course".
when my husband left us he then explained that he did in fact have a card machine but this was only used for purchases of £100.00 or more.
this man is clearly untrustworthy and unreliable.
his dressmaking skills are inadequate.
i have two dresses i cannot wear.
i would urge anyone thinking of having clothes made at the ronil not to.
put all valuables in the safe.
had a awesome new year in this hotel, staff couldn't do enough to help.
the food was excellent and a good value for money, and english food was available, and everything was cooked to order.
hotel was well situated for beaches and bars, around 5 minutes walking distance.
traffic unbelieveable, needs to be seen to be believed but was all part of the fun.
everyone was friendly in and outside the hotel.
wife felt safe and happy enough to shop on her own.
pre-booked trips to new deli and taj mahal our self from home and saved alot of money took the trips by plane from goa to new deli which took 2 hours and took a taxi from new deli to taj mahal, which took a further 4 hours, cost less that £200 each in round trip including overnight stay in new deli, if you book with travel agent costs £575 pound each for the same trip.
if looking to eat out go down to the beach and find lucky stars, the food there was excellent and a great value for money.
if looking to eat english food and a fan of bingo phoenix bar is the place to go.
we stayed here in april 2010 and it was so good we went back in november 2010 !
rooms adequate and clean, breakfast was very good with plenty of choice.
the evening meal was excellent as good as any of the other resaurants if not better.
close to all the action and most important the staff made us very welcome and were so friendly.
we will be back at ronil's again in november this year.
stayed here end november 2010.
good location.
after 3 room changes finally got a great one in i block.
large bed albeit hard.
clean, tidy and spacious.
was first shown one in v block.
this was smelly and small.
refused to stay here.
we moved to e block, room was fine but had to dodge a water tank leak when leaving and entering our room.
even though this room was at the front of the hotel the noise did not disturb us.
balcony view faced security hut/gate.
there- fore not great.
breakfast ok. normal basic fare.
room boy nice little chap.
pool covered with a film of sun cream.
did not use it much prefer the beach, skylark is a good beach shack.
taxi driver was good, (rama), have mostly used him on our three visits to goa, even though we have also stayed at the marinha dourada.
i was travelling with my wife and two kids.
this was our second hotel in baga.
the hotel is situated in busy road.
during peek hours the sounds of vehicles were audible in the hotel area which was a little disturbance.
but except that everything was just awesome about hotel.
our room was air conditioned one with lot of living space.
the staff was polite and you can observe the smiles all over.
the baga beach is at a walkable distance.
we hired bikes which was a great entertainment.
the food was too exotic and was very well organised while serving.
the hotel had two pools and both were well maintained.
i can rate the management as 5 star because of the ample service we were provided with.
ronil beach resort is located on the busy calangute- baga road.
the road is quite narrow and parking on the road is next to impossible.
the hotel thankfully has its own parking.
the road can get quite busy and during peak hours and season times the access to the hotel is difficult.
it is however conveniently located , about 5 mins walk to baga beach and about 15 mins walk to calangute beach.
it is also located very close to 2 of the best clubs in baga and goa - club tito's and club membo's.
the shacks on baga beach also provide quite a lot of entertainment and food.
despite the area being busy the rooms and quiet, clean and peaceful.
sleep quality is good.
the staff is friendly and helpful.
i would advise one to book in advance if you intend to stay during peak season time dec-jan.
the rooms are air conditioned and comfortable.
the hotel also has a large pool and a small coffe shop.
internet is available on request.
this hotel is nothing great but the location is just off baga calangute, in the thick of the action.
if you need a decent place to stay and you dony want to splurge, ronil's is best.
they have two pools though one is more like a tank.
food is ok. rooms are average.
great location.
has reasonable rooms to crash at night and a decent pool.
breakfast isn't great but will do.
the good part is that all the restaurants, baga beach and bike walas are all very close.
good spot for a last minute planned trip with friends.
stayed here for 2 nights with my wife and son.
early season so a lot of work ongoing.
breakfasts were excellent.
great location ,5 minutes walk to baga beach and clubs,restauraunts.
wi fi access available in reception area for 100r for 24 hour use.
hay guies i hav visited this place.
is near beach very clean rooms are specios, goos service and very confortable with family.
5 of us friends went to goa on the long weekend of september 10-12.
we were looking for not-too-expensive place to stay with a good location close to the baga.
a quick search online and we zeroed in on ronil hotel mainly for its good location.
the best thing about the hotel is its location, just a couple of minutes away from the baga beach and close to very nice hangout places.
the rooms were decent and clean.
and overall the hotel was pretty well maintained.
overall, if going with friends, this would be a good option to consider.
being monsoon season, we didn't expect much from our holiday in goa this past july.
the staff at ronil's made up for the rain!
they were very polite, extremely accomodating and we always felt comfortable during our stay.
we ate at the restaurant a few times and enjoyed the food each time.
the cleaning and maintenance staff in particular were excellent.
each day, no matter what time we left our room, our room was cleaned, leaving it sparkling.
a few times, we had trouble with the a/c (it was leaking on my bed) and the maintenance and cleaning staff arrived promptly to eradicate the problem.
while the rooms were clean, they were small - a bit cramped for two people and all their luggage (two ladies in our 20s).i think ronil's could use a fresh coat of paint and have the pool cleaned out regularly, but it was a fine place to stay.
if you are visiting goa to enjoy the nightlife this hotel is located 100 meters away from the best disco bars.
it's also close to the beach and handicrafts shops if you want to relax after a binge night.
all the amenities and staff members are also correct.
i had stayed at the hotel during last week of may 2010.
reaching through winding roads, i was not expecting something very exiting.
after reaching and checking in through frienly staff, the place had a quit charm of its own.
very laid back atmosphere.
in the night i just crossed the road to move to the beach, and the road is full of bars and restaura with the most lively atmosphere you can find in goa.
the beach shacks presented a quite place to down drinks till late in the night.
goof breakfast and food at the hotel and all conveniences abound.above all, a very friendly and calm atmosphere.
location is perfect; walking distance from baga beach, mambos etc.
the stay was pleasant the rooms were clean and the bed was good, this is waht matters most to me.
also the surroundings and the pool are pretty neat buit can get really crowded on weekends.
the week days are far much better since there is not much guests and offers some peace.
morning breakfast buffet is pretty decent, if yoyu can do with bread eggs and juices.
ronil beach resort is five hundred metres from calangute beach in northern goa.
the resort has its rooms centred around a swimming pool.
activities such as parasailing, jet-skiing and boat rides to see dolphins are organised from the resort on request.
the best season to visit is october to february.
recently returned from a holiday in goa which left us stranded due to the volcano eruption.
can't praise this hotel enough.
jewel in the crown immediately wanted to move us to a very very basic hotel (useless reps. own words ) without air con.
and at 40 deg.
cent.
that was not an option.
we were then informed we were on our own.
even requesting that jewel offset the cost of staying at the ronil with what they would pay at the new hotel was met with a definite no.
rui the ronil's manager then stepped in and let us stay not only at reduced rates but even threw us all a party (3 course meal and drinks all free of charge).
if you plan a trip to goa you can't go wrong at this hotel but don't book with jewel in thecrown.
thanks rui and all the staff at the ronil, you were brilliant.
to the ronil beach manager and staff who made our extended stay a memorable one - dev bore korum (god bless you).
we were stranded for six days due to the iceland volcano, our holiday rep was fantastic (thomas cook) and after seeing how the holiday rep from jewel in the crown dealt with his stranded customers we are so pleased that we booked with thomas cook.
i would strongly recommend this hotel.
the hotel is really good to stay in beach resort .
rooms the standard rooms are simply done with tiled flooring, which is customary of most hotels in goa, twin or double beds with side tables and lamps, a small television, desk/dressing table, wardrobe and an attached bathroom with a shower area.
besides linen, no other amenities are supplied.
wonderous stay in ronil beach resort,made my trip to goa all time favourite.
not at all expensive , best in services, best food quality, best ambience and best staff.
complete paisa wasool stay, worth spending money.
i couldnt find single fault while my stay at this hotel.
room was good and cozy.outside view from the room is just amazing and eye soothing.
such a relaxing environment all around.
swimming pool was clean and well maintained.
food and the variety they provide is really good.
they have everything which fulfill the needs right from childrens to oldage people.infact the staff is incredible and trustworthy too.always there to help.
there is nothing bad which i can list down, i will rate my stay just wonderful.
the hotel was basic, but has everything we needed for our 2 week stay.
the bedroom had a tv (normally don't watch but with the eruption in iceland), bed was comfy and extra pillows were given just ask the cleaner.
one of the other guests felt the bed was 2 hard and the hotel provided additional mattresses.
the room was cleaned daily, and towels and bedding was also changed daily.
restaurant/ bar- although more expensive than other restaurants the rates were still reasonable, we booked with first choice and got 6 vouchers for lunch/dinner to the value of 700 rps, we could have a 2 course meal and side dishes and still didnt manage to go over this amount.
the tandori chicken was especially nice.
we made friends with the head chef, and he allowed us into the outside kitchen and explained how the tandoor worked.
he also brought us complimentary food, which was a lovely gesture.
the other staff were lovely, and made time to talk and were full of local knowledge.
the pool area was fine, and fresh towels were provided throughout the day.
the pool could have done with a clean, but i think this was difficult to up keep due to so many gorgeous well kept garden and leaves/petals falling in the pool.
the only issue we had was on day 1, we arrived at the hotel at 9am after a 10 hour flight and coach journey (about an hour) and all the guests from fitst choice were informed their rooms were not ready- the room became available at 12pm.
i would recommend that you put some light clothes in your hand luggage.
our rep did apologise and we recieved a bottle of wine.
we stayed in room v29 (we requested a second floor room at the back of the hotel-as we didnt want the noise of the traffic.)
the room was overlooking the smaller pool, the cleaners trolley however was outside our room, so from 7am it did become rather noisy.
the garden are beautiful, and a women is constantly pruning and watering.
i will try and put pictures on of the hotel.
there is also a spa- we didnt use the facility but appeared to have reasonable rates.
the restaurant closes at 10.30pm and there is a small bar in reception that is a/c that is open until 12.30pm.
having been to baga twice before i can honestly say that this year was even better than our previous visits.
i was disappointed that i was only delayed by one night as other guests were given an additional weeks holiday.
the hotel was exceptionally clean, the staff were very friendly and the overall level of service was excellent.
as other guests have said they could not do enough and i have already booked again for next year.
i have looked at various hotels in the area, some new and some not so new but i keep coming back to the ronil as they offer excellent value for money and have high standards and friendly pleasant staff.
i would recommend this hotel to anyone wishing a great holiday.
the location allows you to walk along the street for a good selection of meals and shopping, a short walk up the road to the beach or else take a taxi further afield.
praise should also be given to our first choice holiday rep - steven who kept us fully informed on a daily basis of the possible delays and he could not have done more to make our holiday a resounding success.
thanks steven.
i can't wait to get back to the ronil - only 323 days.
had to stay a extra week during the volcano crisis, the hotel managment and staff were fantastic, the looked after us, when our holiday company jewel in the crown, did nothing, but offer us a rat infested inferior hotel.
also fellow holiday makers, made our stay a very happy one.
if you wanna be in the heart of baga, close to the beach and close to the party scene, then ronil's is the place to be.
it is reasonably priced and offers value for money.
the staff are courteous and helpful.
we went to goa for the first time and were unfortunate enough to have to extend our stay for an extra 7 days due to the volcanic eruption.
we cannot praise the ronil enough for their level of hospitality and support during a stressful time.
especially when jewel in the crown left us abandoned without any support for accommodation or food.
the hotel were wonderful and made us feel so welcome.
special thanks to the ronil's owner, rui, who laid on a beautiful banquet for the stranded travellers and gave us a totally fantastic evening.
i would say to anyone thinking of going to goa, stay here but do not travel with jewel in the crown.
they are awful.
this hotel is well worthy of its 3* rating.
the ronil beach is just up the road from the beach, a very short walk.
it is right in the heart of baga and has a convenience store and chemist directly opposite.
the staff are fantastic and very friendly.
there are two pools, plenty of sun loungers and seating.
they can change english cash and travellers cheques at the reception.
the main reason i am writing this review is because we were stranded in goa for an extra week due to the volcano in iceland.
whilst all the other hotels in baga were doubling their prices, our hotel actually discounted the nightly rate.
our holiday company - jewel in the crown were diabolical, they offered us 2* accomodation in a rat infested, boarded up windows, no air-con hotel.
obviously the majority of guests refused to move and the ronil were more than accomodating towards us.
they even put on a complimentary dinner and cocktail night for us at the end of our stay.
this was out of the kindness of the owners heart!
i would definately recommend this hotel.
having stayed at the ronil beach resort hotel in baga for 10 years.
the competion from the new hotels in that area huighlight the need for some investmetns the rooms are looking old tatty as is the pool areas which are a little grubby.
the faithfull customer returns because the staff are so polite and freindly .
visited this restaurant 3 times in last 7 years.good hotel with perfect location.
so many foregin visitors.you are out of indian cultural.free & safe environment for your spouse & family.
package offer with all facility.only limited food choice for vegetarian.
baga beach is very near,a virgin beach without any nuisance.
good ,enjoyable experience.
had a fantastic and well planned stay during romantic season "valentines weekend" at ronil beach resort this year ...yea did get recharged myself from hectic work !!
ronil resort is just 200 meters away from hip and happening well known joint titos, and of course calangute / baga beach are walkable distance, and if you are a party animal this is the place to be!!
the management / staff had organised excellent candle light dinner for the guests (yes, of course over and above the trafiff, which was indeed ressonable.....this was our fisrt stay at ronils, having stayed earlier at club mahindra varca beach, and i must say ronil is indeed a great resort to stay with family and offers value for money.
i would rate 7/10 for this resort.
well located right in the center of baga, this resort is popular with youngsters & foreigners alike.. good spacious rooms, excellent sea food and a nice goan atmosphere add to the charm of this place.
great location....right int he middle of baga///beach 1 min walking alll the night life exists right here...
whenever we are in goa, we enjoy ourselves thoroughly.
the rooms are spacious and breakfast is a huge spread and the distance to the beach is a limited and good access to baga.
located near the bagha beach and walkable distance from the hotspots like titos, bagha/calangute beaches and whole bunch of other happening places .. ronil is not very expensive, well maintained , well staffed and we had an amazing experience.
i highly recommend the same to people who are looking for a trip in the north goa .... ronil beach resort rocks !!
nice looking hotel in good location - as long as you are not on main road!
good quality food in restaurant but that is generally the case in goa however with a few exceptions the staff were surly and not very helpful.
the exceptions being the lovely gentleman in the coffee shop and the room boy but did not think it was good value for money.
hotel is realy more than 3* standard of living.
i have never met such rich choice of menu for dinners served with wine and acomp.
live musik.
you can feel like at your friends - so kind waiters, receptio and hotel manager.
i can highly recommend this hotel for everybody!
this hotel has an excellent location if you're looking for baga nightlife; it's a five minute walk to popular bars and nightclubs like tito's.
right outside the front gate is the hustle and bustle of baga; tons of convenience stores, sunglass shops, restaurants, etc.
the beach is also a five to ten minute walk from the hotel, though baga beach is pretty crowded with the requisite teenage girls selling ankle bracelets and the like.
i should note that if you're looking for a calm, relaxing, vacation, this hotel is probably not for you.
the hotel is... how to put it?
it's nice, but you're probably not going to send any postcards home about it.
the hotel was clean yet unremarkable, and for the $80 price tag i felt like it should have been a bit more charming.
as we were travelling in a group of three, we did appreciate the fact that they brough in an extra bed for the third person for a few extra dollars, and our room had plenty of extra space to accommodate that.
all in all, nothing to complain about, but nothing to gush about either.
the service was second to none, with all requests happily acted upon.
the room was lovely and i particularly liked the sofacumbed.
it was good for children to sleep.
i will always choose this resort bcoz of its excellent location.
baga beach is just 5 minutes walk from here & surrounded with tito's, mamboo's & everything is nearby.
it is better if you choose the rooms in new wing, pool facing rooms.
if you are two couples then choose interconnected rooms.
if you choose to stay in this hotel.
please meet mr. rui, the general manager of this hotel.
i am sure you will not ever forget him.
i want to tell you my experience with him.
it was my marriage anniversary on 13th dec 2009 i wanted to celebrate it in hotel's garden.
so we (me & my wife shalini) met him to organise party in his hotel.
we were meeting him for the very first time, but there is a quality in him that touched me deep in my heart.
the passion of doing things for unknown persons, he arranged the party for us like lighting, buffet, dj, live snacks counters, all for just 20 peoples at very reasonable rates.he booked cab, cruise tickets for us,he let us know about goa, the most seeing places etc.
his sense of humour is great.
we really enjoyed chatting with him.
please meet him, meeting him will be a awesome treat.
we recommend this fantastic hotel to anyone who appreciate over and above a good service & surroundings in one of the best parts of goa!
we were there for xmas and new year's eve - trip was organized by a travel office.
i was amazed by friendly hotel staff, eager to help you immediately.
the rooms were quite simple, but what one can expect for 2-3 star hotel - they were however cleaned up every day.
that really counts!
most of the day we spent out of the hotel, but the dinner "a la carte" in the hotel was really delicious.
i've almost forgot - just try massage in the hotel's spa - the massage room is quite tight, but again the staff is really good.
for me the rooms were not book but when i went straight way to the beach resort , they really treated us like guest at home.
the location of the resort is awesome, the callangut and baga beach are at walking distances, the total atmosphere near the resort is very happning.
the most important is the pool side dinning restaurant of the resort is very exciting, there are two swimming pools in the resort.
the location of the rooms are like you are away from india somewhere in europe..
the housekeeping service is very very good.
its the kind of resort that one should definitely visit in life time...the food is too good...everything is there in breakfast ..eat whatever u wish...really too good.
i am planning to visit this resort in recent period.
we knew this was an inexpensive hotel and were a little anxious when recommended by friends because we usually stay in hotels with more stars.
there was no need to worry at all as the hotel was immaculately clean, the rooms were beautifully cleaned each day with fresh sheets on the beds and fresh towels in the bathroom.
the food was very good and the service from the staff was second to none, the staff have all been at this hotel for years and this is a recommendation to the hotel because good service is hard to come by and they have got it right.
it is a busy resort once outside the hotel but the hotel itself is like an oasis in a muddle of cars and scooters once outside the gates, when you sit by the pool you cannot believe the mad world going on outside.
i would recommend this hotel to anyone but would rather keep it to myself so that it doesn't get too busy.
it was ok.
i mean the hotel it self.
one major downer i noticed in goa/india is the cleanliness.
our room was clean enough but you cant compare it to the standard uk travel lodge for example.
the travel lodge is by far cleaner lol.
the room had ac, a fan, fridge and a nice enough bed.
bathroom however was dirty.
i hated having a shower in it at first but soon got use to it.
like i said, its not exactly dirty but not clean either.
location was great.
beach was about 5min walk.
lots of shops around ya and lots of taxi ppl to take ya where ever you want.
i hated the fact that the hotel and goa / barbez in general had nothing for the younger families.
literally nothing.
my 2yr old and 3yr old enjoyed the beach and non baby pool with an adult.
and thats it!!!
really really annoying.
i would have preferred paying a little extra and getting a better hotel, esp if you have kids as the hotel has nothing more to offer.
if you just need a bed to sleep in, then this hotel may be ok.
the ronil beach resort was lovely.
the food was excellent and the staff were really friendly.
the hotel itself is good with a good sized room and they have air con which was valued!
in addition, they have a massage facility which i made use of and was satisfied with.
the staff in particular were very friendly and one of the waiters offered his services as a taxi driver so he could take us where we wanted to go.
he took us to the animal sanctury, spice plantation and also a place where you could wash an elephant.
it was a first class holiday.
baga beach itself was lovely.
also titos the restaurant served amazing food.
the only place i wouldn't recomment is the club mambos as the drinks are overpriced and its just a bit grubby!
stayed here for two weeks and disliked the room.
it was dark and dingy and overlooked the side of the restaurant area.
there was very limited storage, so left a lot in the suitcases.
the balcony as such was awful, just two concrete seats cemented on each end of the small area, not conducive with sitting outside in comfort.
the nicer rooms are at the back in a newer block, near the smaller pool.
the room cleaners were a pain, always hanging around outside your room expecting a tip.
we came back unexpectedly early, having told the cleaner we did not require the room to be done, and he was sitting watching our tv!
holiday so the floor was never scrubbed clean.
they give you some meal vouchers to use 3 days per week, and the evening food was quite good, tables around the pool at night.
but the sting in the tail were the taxes and service charges, so your bill was always much more than you expected.
waiters were nice and friendly and some evenings the entertainment wasn't bad.
the hotel is on the main baga road, not near the sea, and the road is bedlam at times with traffic jams, horns tooting etc, very noisy, so ensure you don't get a room at the front.
a good position for restaurants, bars etc at night though.
baga beach is much too busy, too many shacks crammed next to each other.
we hired a scooter and went to northern beaches and candolim.
this hotel is living on it's past reputation and needs refurbishing in the older rooms.we would not want to stay here again, unless placed in the newer block at the back and at a reasonable price.
we went in april 08 at the start it was good a room where you can see the swimming pool ( in the b block) .
some of thestaff was nice , we only had a problem with 1 of the men cleaners everybody eles was good the reception was small but it was alright enjoyed due to pool games and the swimming pool.
this place is nice and clean, the rooms are very basic and the washrooms are very clean.the best thing is it's close to baga beach.
the staff is not so friendly and helpful, when you are a walk in check in, they would not offer you the best rooms even if you pay and when i requested for a wake up call to catch my train back, they noted the request but never botherred to call back or apologize for not waking me up on time.
the room service is alright.
the furniture in the room is not painted and it looks shabby.
when we were checking out i had asked them to keep the bill ready which was not done and they did not even had other guests to attend to, the sole credit card swipe machine was not working and i had to pay in cash to go to the atm and pay cash, they wasted my time and the receipt was a fake computer generated with no govt tax numbers on them.
we stayed here in november-december 2008 and do not have a bad word to say about it.
the location is faultless: shops, restaurants, taxis... everything is right on the doorstep.
there are a number of side streets which lead down to the beach, which is a 2 minute walk away.
the hotel is basic but clean with a fridge, tv, kettle and free use of the safety deposit box in the room.
the towels were changed and the bed made every morning and the staff were a delight.
the goans, including the hotel staff, could not do enough to help you.
you get 6 free meal vouchers when you check in and the food at the hotel was delicious.
if you want to do an excursion, i would advise you to find one you want to do first and then ask a taxi driver outside the hotel for a price as it will be a lot cheaper than any of the tour companies.
and don't accept the first price they give you as you will probably get it for half that price (after some haggling).
the taxi driver will take you to the destination, wait for you – which is sometimes all day – and then bring you back again; all for a ridiculously cheap price.
there are too many places to eat to name but east meets west (turn right as you leave the hotel) was fantastic.
the price was higher than some of the other restaurants in the area but the food the amazing.
in fact we didn't have any problems with any of the places we ate at, namely the ones on the same road as ronil.
i would also recommend the bbq nights at the beach shacks.
the one we went to was at big banana shack (i think that was the name of it!)
they have entertainment on too, fire eaters, tight rope walkers etc.
which was really good.
we used this shack during the day sometimes too and it was great.
there are a lot of really young boys and girls on the beach, spending their time walking up and down the beach trying to sell little trinkets, key rings etc.
it can get quite annoying at first but once you get talking to them, you get to know them and next time they see you they come and sit with you and chat to you.
if you want to escape the hustle and bustle of baga and calangute, i would recommend mandrem beach.
there was only 1 beach shack in the immediate area and the beach was pretty much empty.
and there were no sellers pestering you, which was very nice to escape for 1 day!
as we sat at the shack at the end of the afternoon and waited for our taxi to come and collect us, we watched the sun go down and it was just beautiful to watch.
all i can say is we can’t wait to go back to goa and we will definitely be staying at ronil!
we recieved excellent service most of the time.
all the rooms have air con and a fridge to keep your water/drinks cold.
we loved baga it was our best holiday ever and we will definately be returning to ronil beach.
i would recommed your book you trips at the local shops as the trips offered with the tour operaters are over priced, we used both to book trips and recieved better service on the trips booked locally.
baga is ideal for young and old, although the roads are very bad and busy so young children would need to be kept a close eye on.
can't wait to return next year.
must admit really wasn't looking forward to this holiday but hey how wrong could i be.the ronil beach is in a superb location and for that reason we are looking to re-book for next year.the bedrooms are basic and the bathrooms leave a lot to be desired but the service we received from room boys to waiters, was first rate.do not go to this area if you want a deserted beach area.we absolutely loved the hustle and bustle.the beach shacks where you can find something different everyday and night were brilliant.we stayed in f block which overlooked the pool but is in the older part of the hotel.friends of ours stayed in v block and their room was newer looking.the laundry service is excellant and next time we will take less luggage and make more use of this service.we never had a bad meal at the ronil and used all of our vouchers.the down side for us was the main pool area which is desperate need of a face lift as was the breakfast area.but on saying this for the money we paid we were delighted.their are so many places to eat which are really really cheap.we loved kim faa chinese and east meets west .had brill food at the beach shacks and what more can you ask for sat on the beach watching the sea and all the entertainment fom firework displays to performing tight rope walkers.loved it and can't wait for next year.
we loved goa, and will definitely be returning sometime soon.
the ronil beach was clean and with adequate facilities- with a fab location.
our main gripe was the poor customer service from all staff.
the bar staff spent most of their time looking as if they had more important things to do than serve at a bar!!
whilst it was only a 3 star we would of expected that spending all day by the pool staff would make the rounds and offer drinks at least once.....the food was extremely poor and low quality, and we've had much better 3 star standard buffet breakfasts.
twice we asked for coffee and twice the waiters failed to bring it and we had to track them down and reorder by which time we'd eaten our breakfast!
once we used our free meal voucher and then never again - one of the dishes we ordered had two hairs in it, and the other was clearly a packet curry sauce.
shame when there's so much quality competition within a stones throw.
to summarise we wil return to goa, but not the ronil beach resort.
hotel having 2 swimming pool of its own,however i feel service is not good over here,its below average according to me,but it makes the one of the best stay in goa becuase of its area its located.
it has its own parking for their guest..
this hotel is situated very near to bagha beach .
rooms are clean .
better to choose the pool-side rooms .
reception people were a bit not helpful.
if you want to get a taxi you have to arrange it yourself by dealing with the local people.
didnt have any bad experience though.
you can hire a two wheeler for 200 bucks from here.
great for seeing north goa.
stayed at the ronil beach from 21/3 to 5/4, first time in india, so was prepared for the cultural shock.
flew with thomas cook, good flight, but very hot and caotic on landing.
arrived at the hotel after a long drawn out wait through immgration, collecting suitcases and coach transfer.
we had a room in v block at the back, which was very quiet, but not a good balcony or view.
had trouble with our safe deposit box, but was sorted out very quickly.
rooms were very basic, but clean, towels and sheets changed every day.
we were issued with 6 x free meal vouchers for the fortnight, which covered you for a decent meal for two each night.
but all food we had was great (if you like indian food, which we do)!
- don't have the lobster at the hotel, very expensive and the one we had was overcooked, would not recommend.
we used the lucky star shack on the beach, all staff very friendly for the first few days, but if you do not use the massurers or tend to ignore the younger beach boys, by which i mean tipping and treating them to drinks etc) you tend to get ignored as the holiday continues.
some of our best food was from this shack, especially the bbq nights.
we did not go on any thomas cook trips, we took notice of recommendations from other guests to use the taxi drivers.
we were taken to old goa (churches), the spice plantation and the elephants, rides and washes, this covered all day and cost, except for entrances fees etc.
just over £20.00.
the markets are a must, anjuna and the saturday night market, just for the atmosphere.
everything is very cheap, but you must remember to haggle.
also had a trip to mandrem beach, bit quieter than baga, but the shack was more expensive.
also had a trip to benaulim beach in the south (to meet some friends and to see what the south was like) very much quieter and the restuarants and bars are few and far between.
the sea was very very choppy, large waves that could very easy knock you over, but the warmest sea i have ever been in.
would i go back to goa, yes, but not as late as march again, too hot.
i travelled to baga at the end of march and i couldnt have had a better holiday.
i have never met so many lovely people in one place.
all staff were keen to help and extremely friendly!
the location of the ronil is fantastic, its a 5 minute walk to baga beach and a chemist and a small supermarket is over the road.
rooms were kept clean as well as the outside area and pool.
there are two pools one at the back and the front so plenty for everyone.rooms included a kettle, a free safe and a fridge.
breakfast is served up until 10.30 and the selection is fantastic,bacon, eggs, sausages, toast, porridge, fruit and various types of indian breakfast food.
you also get 3 free meals a week at the hotel and the food from the hotel restaurant is lovely.there is a choice of indian, goan, chinese, british, italian.....lots to choose from.
the tiger prawn sizzler was my favourite!once out of the door you are stuck for choice as to what resteraunt to eat at.
i would definately recommend east meets west which is to the right of the hotel and fiesta on titos road.
taxi's are parked outside of the hotel so there are no problems getting around.
i would advise you to go to the saturday night market and wednesdays anjuna market.
i bought some many lovely things...all amazingly cheap.
i would also suggest for you to go to the first leather shop on the left of titos road.
this man is brilliant, his name is sulliman.
take a picture of a leather bag, purse, wallet, jacket and he will make a exact copy at a fraction of the price.he can also make jewellery which is very beautiful.
i would suggest for quiet beaches...to take a trip to ashwem and mandrem beach.
baga and calangute are a little busier but also a lot more fun.i havent a bad word to say about the ronil, it would be a pleasure to go back again and would like to thank all of the staff at the ronil if they read this!
stayed in the ronil from 01 - 15 march and even met up with people who like us, stayed the same two weeks as last year.
the hotel was everybit as good as i remembered and the waiters were lovely.
although the rooms are quite basic they are very clean and the towels and sheets are changed daily.
the bar can be a bit pricey but we only had our first drink of the night there.
i would also recommend the food.
the chefs are great and always looking for new ideas.
i travelled to the hotel with my parents and my partner.
i booked and flew with thomas cook, they chose firstchoice.
our flight arrived at 0530 and we very quickly arrived at the hotel in a taxi (700 rupees).
as expected from previous reviews no room was available for us and we were asked to take a seat and that we could have breakfast at 0730.
our bags were taken to our room v26 at about 0715 so we didn't wait too long.
v block does have a lift for those with heavy luggage or if you struggle with stairs.
the corridors on v block are airconditioned so helps to maintain a stedy temperature in your rooms when you open the door.
our room turned out to be a twin room.
which doesn't really bother us and i'm sure if it did the staff would have changed our room.
the beds were comfortable enough however i do like a more solid mattress.
in the room was a larg enough wardrobe which contained a safety deposit box (free of charge).
there was also space to store suitcases and drwers on the other side of the room with the television.
a bedside cabinet was inbetween the two beds.
we had both airconditioning and a ceiling fan.
our balcony overlooked the back of the block but we never used it because of the intense heat during the day, it did not benefit from a breeze!
the bathroom had a shower which you could always get hot water but and varying temperatures.
it just takes a few tweeks.
the decor was basic and really could do with an update.
the room was cleaned daily but only given a quick once over and could benefit from a deep clean in some areas.
towels and sheets were changed regulary and the laundry service was good.
we had several room boys all of which after a couple of days told you it was there last expecting a tip.
they were then to be seen cleaning another block.
during the course of a 2 week holiday this could prove very expensive.
breakfast was good and was served until 1030 so still allowed for a lie in.
you could get fresh eggs made to order and there was a variety of foods both continental and indian.
pre-made tea and coffe is available in large urns but the waiting staff will brings fresh pots to your table on request.
i only ate in the hotel once for lunch and as my chicken tikka came only partly cooked this was the reason why.
other guests where heard to complain about the food being served cold also.
if your a pool person then you'll need to get up early for a lounger.
there are two pools but neither have a large amount on loungers available.
during our stay these were taken up very early by the same paeople who remained there all day everyday.
luckily we prefer the beach!!
you are only a short walk down titos road to the nearest beach shacks or a short taxi ride to the shacks near baga creek.
whichever you prefer.
good restaurants are also close by, we enjoyed meals at both salt 'n' pepper and east meets west, the latter being slightly more expensive but well worth a visit.
evenings were often spent having a few drinks in a beach shack as long as you can put up with drunken indian tourists on the kareoke!!
back at the hotel we othen found service to be a little slow and somewhat more expensive.
would i book the hotel again, yes, if the price was right.
if you want a 5* hotel then look elsewhere, if you want a a basic but comfortable hotel and don't mind a bit of dirt in the corners then give this one a try.
after all there are worse out there.
mmmm, where shall i start......the positives is that the location of the hotel is perfect, with just a 5 minute stroll to the beach.
we arrived on valentine's day and the hotel grounds were beautifully decorated with a lovely buffet evening with live entertainment.
the bedroom was small, but very basic.
the shower left a little to be desired.
but the room was clean although the floor didnt seem to get any attention.
but our main gripe was that the staff had no customer service skills, and werent even polite let alone friendly.
the buffet beakfast was also 'basic', but overall the hotel was value for money, it was somewhere to shower and change but not a hotel that you would wish to spend any time in!!
just returned from 2 weeks at the ronil and have to say the hotel was everything we hoped for.
nice room cleaned and linen changed every day.
everything worked - room service was prompt, restaurant service and food top notch and the staff could not have been more helpful.
outside the hotel it is hectic - watch out for the traffic!
but do bear in mind that its a third world country, the people are very poor and they are only trying to make a living.
the worst thing we saw was a subway shop and a domino's pizza - we had hoped that the western fast food rubbish might not have reached there, but at least there is no macdonalds!
everything is very cheap - we got 4 pairs of prescription glasses including 2 varifocals and1 photochromic for about £220.
just make sure when you place your order and pay your deposit they write down everything you expect to get otherwise you have a long argument on delivery.
we used care opticians on tito road but there are plenty of others nearby.
all in all we would definitely recommend this hotel and are for a holiday.
this hotels is great.
we stayed here for 4 nights and found everything in order.
the rooms were very nice, clean and people were very friendly.
all the staff would go far their way to help you.
we have to say that we are very happy with this hotel.ronil is the best near market and beach around 400meters.
having just returned from our second consecutive year at the ronil beach resort, i have to say the hotel standards are exceptional, bed lining and towels changed everyday, rooms cleaned to a very high standard.
food in hotel excellent we ate there about 6 times during our two week stay and every meal was delicious.
the staff are always pleasant and polite and eager to help in anyway they can, the hotel rooms are basic but this is a third world country after all, they have everything you need tv, air conditioning, fan, fridge, 6ft bed, powerful hot showers whatever time you used them.
there are two swimming pools and nightly entertainment around the main pool.
we will deffinately be returning again next year, as do many of the other guests return year after year.
it has a good central location, right on the main street in baga, a ten minute walk takes you to the beach, and there are numerous bars and restaurants and clubs in the surrounding area, although it is in a central location, we have never heard any noise in or around the hotel late at night.
the main road can get abit hectic at peak times but it all adds to the atmosphere of the place.
the shacks on the beach are all of a good standard, the big banana has some fantastic friendly staff and superb food.
each shack has a barbeque night with acts and fireworks.
the best restaurants we found were east meets west, fire and ice and kim faa chinese restaurant, shopping is a must and haggling the price is great fun, you can buy everything from the beach sellers which walk the beach day long or the shops line most of the roads in resort.
taxis are plentiful and cheap for long or short journeys and lovely quiet beaches of morjim and ashvem nearby with no sellers on at all.
tuk tuks even cheaper still for those short journeys between resorts.
only just gone on the internet, hence the reason for my late review.
on arriving in baga very early morning i thought what have we let ourselves in for.
we went for breakfast and then laid on a sunlounger till our rooms were ready.
then we had a sleep and went a walk to the beach, absolutely fabulous.
try the beach shack called zaviars as they are very friendly, and make really good chips (not frozen) and the steaks are lovely.
about the ronil beach it is a lovely hotel, quite basic, but the people who work there are freindly, room service was very quick.
we ate there quite a lot and found the food good, and i am a fussy eater.
the massage lady is a lovely person, but with no english.
our rooms were cleaned regularly, and we always had plenty of clean bedlinen and towels.
just recently returned from goa inida (baga resort).
just thought i would let people know, i would not really recommend this hotel ronil beach resort its cleanliness left a lot to be desired... the staff were miserable, not a bit friendly, yeah the odd one was nice... but only the odd one.
when you arrive there you get free meal vouchers to eat in the restaurant in the hotel.... rip off!!!
you get charged tax on your whole bill if you order alcoholic drinks.... the meals were nice though that has to be said, but be cautious as a few of the waiters didnt bring back change for a purchase and tend to have different prices for items keep an eye on it.
when we was vacating our room there was a cleaner early hours in the morning sniffing around the room waiting to get in to get the tips out of the room very sly i thought as this was not the regular cleaner.... the bathroom was filthy and although well stocked with toilet rolls etc, the sink needed a good wash.
the first room we got put in smelt damp and dirty, they did move us but we had to wait for a bit..... be warned the beds are like concrete they are the most uncomfortable beds i have ever slept in abroad and i have stayed in many places there was a lot of painting going on and refurbishment some of our party didnt get much peace, the pool had quite a lot of dead insects in, could of been cleaned a bit more.
if you decide to go to goa, dont stay in baga its just a nightmare too busy and noisy!!
i have been to goa twice and the nicest resort i think is candolim and they are not far away from each other in a cab anyway so best staying in quiet area and travelling around quite cheap!!
when i stayed in candolim i stayed in the highland beach resort and that hotel and the staff is excellent, although some of the accommodation there is iffy, ours wasent but another person we spoke to was, their accommodation is very spacious and i would highly recommend.
there is a nice beach to go to for peace and quiet its near mojim i cant remember the name but the taxi drivers know if you just say the beach near mojim the quiet one very quiet not many sellers, paradise!!!.
some good restaurants inferno in candolim have excellent food and service its a little bit more expensive but well worth it, another is east meets west ,again bit more expensive but again worth it, there is entertainment here too, lovely setting.
during our trip to goa we stayed at ronil beach resort.
the resort is near the baga beach, one of the best beaches in goa.
we stayed there for 4 days.
the resort has beautiful buildings.
there are many cottages in the resort, each having around 5 to 6 rooms in each.
there are two swimming pools and a restaurant.
the rooms are great.
they are spacious and very comfortable.
the room service was great.
there was a person to attend to us within 5 minutes from the call.
hot water was available 24 hours.
a bar was there near the hotel lobby.
the bar was good and had a pool table also which is a very good added feature.
one of the swimming pools is right next to the lobby near the entrance.
this is the bigger swimming pool.
the other swimming pool is a smaller one which was next to our room.
the restaurant is overlooking the larger swimming pool.
it served all types of cuisines.
a great place to hang out and eat overlooking the swimming pool.
we were in the swimming pool for a whole day without going out for sight seeing.
we had awesome fun that day.
the lawns were great with the benches in them for a evening relaxation after a tiring day of sight seeing.
overall we had a great stay there.
ronil is mix of luxury and comfort.
we will never forget the stay there and will cherish those beautiful memories for our life's.
- the property is good with nice garden and ambience.
- the room i booked is deluxe room, it is comfortable.
- room service is also good and quick.
- the restaurant we had is only break fast, it is really good at pool side and on offer are number of varities for eating.
- the stay is value for money.
5) serene and peaceful resort despite being in middle of the most active part of the town.
6) very near to best discos, eating joints and market place.
3) live music needs a definite improvement.
1) a good stay, most definitely recommended for veggies as most of other places do not serve good veg meal.
4) oct is the best month to travel to this resort else you might feel that its not worth the money spent.
ronil beach baga road baga.
an ok experience.
myself and partner have now stayed at the ronil 2 years on the trot.
our first year was strange, we had often stayed in nothing less than 5* accom all over the world but this country and hotel was something different.
the hotel was clean basic but damp but compared to some hotels we visited it was very good.
this year we were there in feb again this time we were put on the front of the hotel.
again the rooms are basic clean, the biggest problem we had was the visiting indian tourists.
they sleep all day and party all night, which is fine by me, however when you are in a block of 4 rooms its no fun when they are comming in at 4/5 am and waking everybody up with no consideration for other guests.
i asked them to keep it down they take no notice, i spoke to the hotel reception yes sir we will speak to them.
no change this went on for the last 4 nights if our holiday.
the staff just dont seem to care.
the prices of the food in the hotel are crazy when you can eat far better and cheaper just outside on the main baga road or in the beach shacks.
we will be going back to india again next feb 09 but we will not be styaying at the ronil.
india itself has got to be one of the most mystical places on this earth and i would highly recommend it to anyone.
one piece of advise i would give any first timer is go with an open mind and just go with the flow you wont regret it.
if you get the chance visit sunset point ask any taxi driver they will know where it is.
it is one of the most romantic places in the whole of goa and well worth a visit.
my wife and i arrived at the check in at 0930hrs .
after asking for our passports and reservation form we were immediatly invited to go and get some breakfast.
our room was adequetly furnished and everything worked ie air conditioning , ceiling fan , fridge and the plumbing even had a safe inside the wall cupboard.
we cannot complain at all regarding the daily linen changing and room cleaning the men who do this appear quite trustworthy and considerate.
we stayed for 10 days and were given 3 meal vouchers entitling us to 3 lunches or dinners for two persons.
the food is nothing to wrie home about some good meals but some not so good.
all seafood cocktails did not have any identifiable seafood in them only chopped up bits which could have been anything.
my garlic bread turned out to be two warm bread rolls filled with chopped up garlic cloves !!!
great if you love garlic.
but the steaks we enjoyed and also the pool snacks and indian dishes.
breakfast buffet was fruit , indian food and eggs bacon and toast.
not a great deal of choice but enough if you are hungry.
both swimming pools were clean and lovely and warm but the ceramic tiles around the edges were in need of maintenance.
seating around the pools was adequete.
evening entertainment was average differant each night.
best points about the hotel was the location and service if you needed anything doing in the room it was attended to straight away.
staff very friendly and not pushy or waiting for tips all the time.
i would definatly stay in the hotel again.
within a 10 minute walk most things are available like chemists , supermarkets, bars ,resturants, internet cafe souvenir shops and the beach.
there is a taxi stand right outside the hotel.
money :change your money outside the hotel you get a better rate.
atm is about 2 miles away in calangute.
when buying clothes etc always bargen and expect to pay about a third of the asking price.
excursions can be arranged by any taxi driver and work out cheeper then by the tour operator.
bad points loads of rubbish everywhere , most bars are very dilapedated and toilets are dirty and smelly.
i would say check out the toilets and if clean then the rest will be good.
do visit local markets and just be aware of arranging taxi fares before travelling.
just returned this morning from my maiden trip to goa and i'm still smiling.
let me offer my opinion of baga and ronil beach resort.
we like others were hit by the culture change when we stepped off the coach but i'm glad to say that within hours we were acclimatised and loving every second.
the ronil staff handed us the keys to the much dreaded v block - v32 to be precise.
let me clear this up now.
if you are offered v31 - v33 then snap it up!
these rooms are on the top deck of v block, are fully refurbished, do not smell in any way shape or form, are bigger than 90% of other rooms at ronil and more importantly are superbly quiet on an evening.
our friends had road side rooms which when combined with our goan friends penchant for honking horns every other second, made for a few restless nights.
the staff at ronil are wonderfully friendly, especially the security guards who took great amounts of pleasure in standing to attention and saluting me, before shaking my hand, every single time i strolled past.
to those that complain about unfriendlyness, did you make an effort?
we went out of our way to say hello and introduce ourselves to all the staff and as a result we were greeted with genuine and heart felt warmth whenever we crossed paths.
the pool area is a true little oasis from the organised madness outside, the pool cleaners were both lovely and efficient at de-bugging the water regularly and although it feels hotter by the pool, the lack of sand made it our choice of sunbathing spot for a couple of days.
i would really recommend that you eat outside the hotel to avoid service tax and vat.
the food is edible at ronil but with such an amazing wealth of quality and cheap restaurants in baga and calungute, why not just take a walk or taxi instead?
we loved east meets west and electric cats (calungute, not the one opposite the hotel).
baga beach is something else too, we made immediate friends with a shack owner and spent many days just chilling out, having a laugh with the beach sellers (there like london buses so get ready) and being ritually pounded by the massive but refreshing waves crashing the shoreline every 20 seconds.
if you have young children, be advised that at this time of year the waves are very powerful and i was saddened to learn that two middle -aged people perished at the hands of the baga beach waves whilst we were on holiday.
you might be better seeking a beach elsewhere along the coast, don't worry as you will have plenty to choose from.
i could ramble on forever about all the cool people we met and the places we visited but it's more fun for you to go outside and find it for yourself!
one recommendation - ingos saturday night bazaar.
like nowhere else on earth.
miss at your peril!
baga is everything i dreamed it would be and the hotel was much better than i expected.
just remember you are coming to india.
use the room as a base to sleep and shower.
get out and see goa, mix with the locals and you will have the time of your life.
guaranteed.
this was our 2nd visit to goa, two years ago we stayed in candolim, so this time we thought we would try somewhere different.
firstly the hotel.
i have absolutely nothing to moan about but i felt that it was just a little lacking in the usual goa friendliness.
the two pools were ok but the big pool had tables around it and very few sun beds and the little pool was just that, very small.
the hotel was clean and tidy, the staff very helpful, the situation almost perfect, yet as i say it just lacked soul.
perhaps we were spoilt by the prazerres hotel in candolim 2 years ago which was excellent.
the food in the restaurant was very good, the breakfasts excellent and the evening meal good (however right outside the hotel are a multitude of excellent cheap restaurants so we were really spoilt for choice).
to put it in a nutshell i have no complaints about the hotel but i wouldn’t go back there again.
just outside the hotel is a jeweller called shamrock jewellers.
we bought a gold and emerald bracelet for £600 and have just had it valued at £4000.
so if you are looking for a trustworthy shop that’s the one.
we also found a restaurant called “salt & pepper” (just to the right as you leave the hotel).
superb food, excellent service and so cheap we didn’t believe the first bill we receieved.
highly recommended.
as for goa, a fabulous holiday.
what more can i say.
oh!
andrews beach shack is again excellent value for money and the staff are brilliant.
have a good time.
great hotel,rather basic but very clean.
when we pulled up outside i thought " oh dear " but once in side it was a little oasis.
the staff are fantastic, the food is really good, especially if you enjoy fish or curries.
the beach is to die for, the girls who sell the jewellery and clothes on the beach are most charming, they got to know us quite well they would come and sit on the end of the sun bed and chat.
they are very poor and humble people with big hearts, they are lovely.
not sure i was mad about baga, but all in all it was a fantastic holiday.
oh i bought two pairs of perscription glassess from an optician in mapusa (angelo's) one pair being sunglasses they cost £30 quid for both.
taxi driver from outside the hotel will take you there for about 300rh.
returned from baga on tuesday 18 march into a cold manchester.
it was my first time in goa and i think i read every report on the baga forum prior to leaving which proved invaluable as it gave me a great insight as to what to expect.
i wasn't too sure about the ronil beach after reading some comments, but my concerns were completely unfounded.
we arrived on time and checked into the hotel at 9 am.
our room was ready and it was above any expectations i had having read reports of damp rooms, maybe i was just lucky.
i was in g block overlooking the smaller second pool and gardens and it was very quiet.
the sheets and towels were changed every day and the room was kept immaculate by the lovely boys whose job it was to clean them.
the rooms are basic, not much hanging space.
i did see into another room which was much smaller than mine so i do know that the rooms differ in size.
the breakfasts were also above all of my expectations.
there were fresh omelettes, fried, scrambled and poached eggs being cooked on request by three chefs.
two curry dishes, indian breads, bacon, sausage, beans, porridge, cereals, toast and juices were also on offer.
as a couple, you will be given 6 vouchers, each worth 750 rupees.
these can be used for lunch or dinner, 1 voucher per meal.
considering any curry or continental meal is under 200 rps it's worth using them.
drink is not included in the voucher.
we ate in the hotel twice and had the fantastic tandoori tiger prawns.
give it a try, their curry's are also lovely.
the two pools were clean which was contrary to what i had read in a report.
the staff were all helpful and friendly and i have to say i was delighted with my choice of hotel and would not hesitate in recommending it to others.
when, not if i return, i will be booking into the ronil.
well we have just returned from the ronil after a 2 week stay.
no complaints about the hotel, in fact it was better than expected and i'd say one of the best hotels in baga.
it's central to the very busy resort handy for shops, beaches and lots of superb restraunts and bars.
my idea of heaven.
the hotel staff are calm/chilled people and can't do enough for you although baring in mind this is a 3rd world country and very basic so don't expect too much.
what there is is clean and the food is wonderful.
no problems with a bad tummy but the change of diet is ok if you gradually change over to available menu's.
there is so many choices you can't go wrong.
as for taxis, outside the ronil is a stream of cars ready night or day to take you anywhere.
also it is better and cheaper to get a taxi from the airport rather than a pre-arranged coach.
the shacks on the beach provide entertainment, friendly caring staff and food to die for.
we have left with heavy heart and lots of phone numbers to stay in touch with the goan and indian people.
if you don't feel special before you go, you certainly will once there.
be wary of the beggars and sellers on the beaches although a good firm "no thank you" will work in most cases.
haggle on everything.
one t-shirt is usually priced around 450 rupees on enquiring but they will ask you what you want to pay?!?!?!
we ended up with 3 for 500 rupees, the same with bags and sarongs.
it's really hard to spend money in this slow laid back place, although the prices are starting to rise as more and more tourists give up information on how expensive england is and the modern world is entering their lives to make business better.
at the minute a taxi anywhere round baga is 50 rupees and helps if your a bad walker as the 20 minute walk to the beach is difficult when the sun is out, the heat is something to get used to.
this year baga beach has been taken over by jetskis and trip boats but due to the shacks losing business because of it a section of the beach is being separated for water sports to keep the rest safe for bathers.
just one thing for the travellers - yes the ronil is good but we didn't spend much time there and at £50 per night for b+b was a little expensive compared to the 450 rupees (£5.70p) for a room per night with better facilities.
there are lots of places with rooms or huts for 300 to 450.
we went to palelim beach on the south coast where the dolphins came near to the beach and swam amongst the few bathers there, no jet skis, no engine boats, just calm safe sea to bob around in all day.
no beggars or sellers - it was absolutely beautiful but too quiet to stay for more than 4 days if you like variation.
another thing to remember is that we pay £6.85 for prescription drugs here in england.
eg my salbutomol inhaler cost me £1.20 over the counter out there.
your malaria tablets and mozzie sprays are all cheaper and better out there.
if you need something specific take your medication packet with you to the pharmacy and stock up.
also, if you like bailey's (the drink) take your own from duty free ( 2 for £20) as the tots out there are all 250 if baileys is in it.
it's only 250 for a large fillet steak.
the shacks, especially the shining star will put it in their fridge and serve it free whenever you want it.
my friend took 38 cans of strong bow cider (to cover her for 4 weeks) as she has been several times before and you can't get it out there.
she then stocked up on meds and clothes etc to bring home.
we're going back to goa again next year hoping to fit in an extra week - 2 weeks just isn't enough.
the culture shock doesn't last long when you realise that is all they know and are quite happy with their lives.
hi we are just back on the 22 feb i think i read every review on this site before leavingso i thought i would tell you about our trip.we travelled with first choice and paid for premium seats we were on the first flight from east midlands to be honest i dont think the seats were much wider the meal was served with possibly nicer crockery and your cases were the first on off which was good for the journey home.we paid £300pounds each so dont think will do it again.having read so much about the airport i did not find it that bad although it was early morning also was very suprissed by the coach it was fine and we had a pleasent drive to the hotel our rep was gary and he was very good gave us loads off info during the holiday and always checked we were ok when he saw us.we arrined at hotel and as expected our rooms were not ready we were told to have breakfast and they would allocatr our rooms soon after.wewent to the breakfast area and had a great choice much more than i had imagined there was even porridge.i found the breakfast area to be clean thoughout our stay and the waiters were always on hand with fresh tea and coffee.
there were 4 in our group and we all had our rooms by 11 we were travelling as 1 couple and 2 singles we had two rooms in v block when they told us this i was very dissapointed but when we got to our rooms i was happy with them although storage was a bit tight.on looking at the bed the mattress was a bit thin also toilet seat was broken i reported this and also requsted exrra mattresses and pillows this was done within the hour so i have no complaints we also during our stay have aproblem with the air con but again this was fixed.our room was cleaned every day with clean sheets and towels we also had towel art one day there was also a lift in this block which was very usefull for my mum who has difficulty with stairs the only thing was people kepted leaving the inside door open which meant the lift would not opperate we were always with my mum so my husband would have to run up the stairs and close the door ok for my mum but if someone was on there own they would have been unable to use the lift.the other member of our party was in i block again really nice seemed a larger room also had a fridge.
there was a nice smaller pool outside our block and a loverly grassed area with loungeres and umberella the groundes were kept immaculate and all the staff were very friendly from the gardeners up to the owner .the large pool was lovely and we did not find it dirty there was always pool towels with no restrictions on how many you took you could even take them to the beach they were definatly not shabby looking and i also found the sheets and room towels to be really white too.there were sunbeds around the pool and tale and chairs some with umberellas my only negative would be that there was not enough shades for me that said thats just me alot of the time people seemed to go out in the day returning late afternoon so shade was not a great issue at these times.if you did decide to sit around the pool all day you did not have to move as the waiters were great the food at the hotel was really good with a daily special board which repeated weekly so if you missed it on the first week you had the chance to catch it again.we had vouchers and used them and this made a very cheap night.the main bar closed at eleven but the pool room bar opened till later but this bar did not open till 7 so you could not play pool until then.the location of the hotel is fantastic and we loved baga you dont even notice the noise after the first day .i would consider myself to be a little vary about walking about abroad straight away i felt comfortable and at no time during our stay felt unsafe in any wayeven in taxis maybe we were lucky but all our drivers seemed good drivers.we tried loads of restraunts all meantioned in previeous reviews east meets west lovely setting i had steak and was not that impressed my husband had curry and he loved it.
we went to salt a pepper right out of hotel didnt look any thing special from out side but food was really good and very reasonable.
we went to the delhi darbar in panjim lots of nice little touches took photo put it in a frame rose for ladies complimentry dishes also had a buy 2 kingfishers get one free bill only came to £14 taxi waited for us charged us 400 ruppees.we enjoyed indian spice the best and that was just down the road left out of hotelhad a great meal with drinks for £12 but i had a king prawn curry which was the most expensive dish on the menu so could have been much cheaper.my favourite restraunt by far was le jardin got a flyer from beach they asked if it was a special occassion i told them it was our wedding anniversary when we arrived the table was all decorated with rose petals and streamers the meal was fantastic very up market i again had fillet steak and it was perfect there was 4 of us we all had 3 courses drinks coffee and brandy and the bill came to £60 with tip they also fetched us a cake and all the waiters sang happy anniversary it was a great night forot to say i think the restraunt was in callangute.we did go to the beach most days and the food at the beach shacks was always really good for the 4 of us fom 10 till 3 with tip the bill came to about 1500 ruppees sometimes 2000 ruppees but we are all big eaters and that included beers and some shorts with mixers.we did a couple of trips but used taxis instead of through rep we really enyoyed them.we have been to a lot of places many a lot more plush than the ronil but i can honestly say this has got to be one of the best holidays i have been on i would have no hesitation in recommending the ronil to anyone i have already booked our return to goa next year we are going to try the south this time only because i want to experience both sides we have booked the dona sylvia after seeing lots of favourable reports on this webb site it is all inclusive but we will be going out and sampling the many bars and restrauntes im sure.
i have been to goa many times, normally twice a year.
this was my first visit to ronil and i must say loved it.
i feel other hotels i have stayed in may have better rooms etc but the staff here could not do enough for us.
the food is lovely in the hotel however, as there is so much choice outside, we always ate out.
my favourite restaurant is indian spice on baga road.
i agree with other reviews that east meets west is also very good but i do find the waiters to be a little over friendly!!!!
the haggling in the shops is fun and the goan people are so friendly.
i would highly recommend this hotel and can't wait to go back!!!
this hotel does not measure up to other 3* hotels in goa.
the rooms were tiny, no room for a bedside table or chest of drawers either side of the bed.
one small half-wardrobe, so very little storeage space.
the balcony was tiny and had two fixed seats in either corner but no room for a table so no comfort to sit outside.
the breakfast area needs agood scrub down, the floor was stained with the same food and spillages the whole two weeks we were there.
yet there were plenty of staff hanging around.
in fact the room cleaners (male) were really annoying, hovering around each morning as soon as you came out of your room.
we tipped three different ones during the holiday and another at the end.
we asked some days for the room to be left with only clean towels required.
one day we returned unexpectedly mid-morning and one was in our room watching tv!
we had told him earlier we didn't want our room done that day.
the pools were dirty as their was no filter system, they were like stagnant oil-topped water so never used them.
the one good thing though was the restaurant.
food at night was excellent as were the staff.
one sting in the tail though when you received your bill, as they added two types of tax plus a service charge.
we still tipped the waiters though as this is not their fault.
baga itself is much too busy and noisy these days.
just had to write a report – prior to us going on holiday there were no recent reports on ronil beach hotel!
so, here goes …………….
have just returned from having spent christmas/new year 07/08 at ronil beach hotel, goa with 8 members of my family.
this review however, is based on my family ‘s views only, ie.
husband and daughter, as other family members had their own views on the resort, hotel and holiday as a whole.
ronil beach hotel: for a 3 star hotel we had no complaints whatsoever.
we arrived around 8.30 am in the morning and had to wait for our rooms, but with it being breakfast time we could grab something to eat and drink.
our room was very basic, but exceptionally clean with a huge bed and air-conditioning.
the bathroom was a little dated, but was spotless and we always had hot water throughout our stay.
the towels and bedding were changed everyday.
there was also a small fridge in the room, together with a tv with satellite channels.
during the holiday there were power cuts almost everyday – but these were very short, and more like dips in power (i think the hotel must have had a back-up generator).
the breakfast was buffet style with both indian and the usual british breakfast foods, ie.
omelettes cooked to request, cereals, toast, fresh fruit, tea/coffee and we had no complaints.
we were issued with vouchers for our christmas/new year gala dinners and also a further 6 vouchers for 6 lunch/dinners for the duration of the 2 weeks stay.
the hotel put in great effort for the two gala dinners and the food, which was buffet style, was great with lots of choice.
we didn’t manage to use all of the vouchers we were allocated, but on the two occasions we did use them the choice on the menu and the quality of food was excellent and you would be hard pushed to use the full value of each voucher (i think it was 750 rupees per room voucher for dinner and 350 rupees per lunch voucher).
the ronil has two swimming pools, but both are quite small and not the sort you would ideally spend the day around – and a lot of the time they were in the shade – which was great for when you returned from the beach from having already had a lot of sun and just wanted a quick shower, swim and a cold beer.
laundry service – absolutely fabulous, soooo cheap and managed to get all the clothes cleaned before returning home for around £10!
hotel location: my only complaint was the really busy main road that runs outside the hotel.
with it being christmas/new year there was even more traffic and how we actually managed to get home in one piece was a miracle – but more on this later in my review.
overall, i would definitely recommend the hotel – but would suggest to anyone not to visit over the christmas/new year period due to sheer volume of folk that come down to baga from other parts of india.
tip: if you are wanting a taxi go outside the hotel and walk a little – don’t let the guy who’s inside the hotel gates get one for you as it will cost you a little more.
over a 2 week period the difference will add up.
overall comments: the biggest issue for us as a family was the number of indians who ‘invaded’ baga for the christmas/new year period.
they were all men and in groups.
our daughter is 15 and blonde – it was very uncomfortable for her with the amount of staring and attention she attracted through no fault of her own.
the groups were in no way threatening, but even going in/out of the sea my husband and i had to go with her due to groups either taking photos on their mobile phone or using cameras.
this cultural difference was the biggest shock for us, but again, believe this to be the time of the year we visited, i don’t think it would have been so bad outside this time.
the crowds did start to disappear from 2nd january!
the main road outside the hotel runs straight to calangute.
it was manic.
there were so many taxis and motorcycles and with there being no pavement just walking from outside the hotel and to a restaurant/bar and getting there in one piece was a huge challenge.
on top of this, you were continually asked if you wanted a taxi and again my daughter was exposed to comments and looks from men.
we only visited the local baga beach the once – christmas eve.
we managed to stay for around an hour and during this time my daughter spent the whole time with her shorts and t-shirt on due to the unwelcome attention she received.
candolim beach: we visited this beach everyday.
we had a regular taxi that would pick us up outside the hotel and collect us each day from the beach at a set time.
cost 400 rupees per round trip.
the beach was okay, but not as clean as i would have hoped and i don’t think it was raked during the 2 weeks we were there (yes, i know we were in india and not the caribbean, but for me this was disappointing).
the sea was quite rough and there was a definite under-current pull which you could feel.
the waves were quite fierce for the first 10 days or so and knocked us over several times – not ideal if you have small children.
the large ship (river princess) which is washed up offshore became just part of the scenery – you honestly didn’t notice it after a while!
each day we used a shack called ‘devas’.
food was excellent – especially the fruit salad which i had every day.
what was also good was that the owner would move on any sellers that would stop by your sunbed – they all seemed to know that the owner was keen to distract them and would just walk by.
however, if you did want to purchase anything from them, you simply moved off your sunbed and did your bartering a few feet away.
highlight of the day were the cows and bulls which would invade the beach and lie in the shade – never seen or experienced this before!
they were so tame.
the trip back to the hotel each day would also have us overtaking an elephant or two on the road, a few cows and goats – again, something cultural i’ve not experienced before.
shopping: we purchased a few ‘fake’ handbags from a shop called ‘genuine fakes’ which was about 50 yards from our hotel.
the quality of the leather and the ‘fakeness’ was the best i’ve ever seen.
local crafts were excellent - he craftmanship in the items we purchased for such a cheap price were the best ever, our other favourite shop was the chemist lol!
we purchased lots of medication which is expensive in the uk for a fraction of the price, ie.
aclivor (zovirax), prescription eye/ear drops and my in-laws even managed to purchase anti-biotics.
restaurants: our favourite was ‘east meets west’ – come out of the hotel and turn right – its 100 yards on the left.
amazing location, food and prices.
there is also a great chinese (come out of the hotel turn left, about 50 yards along).
none of our party had any stomach complaints whilst in goa.
final thoughts: the goan people are lovely and very welcoming and i can understand why so many people return for holidays.
the weather, food and overall cheapness were real pluses - however, for us as a family i don’t think we will be returning.
it’s a place we are glad to have visited, and we experienced new and different cultural things we have not done before – but some of those are things we would not like to experience out of choice whilst on holiday.
if you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact me!
we found the ronil to be better than expected after reading lots of reviews saying how basic most hotels are in goa.
the staff were helpful in that our first room was quite dark and damp (b2) and we were moved without any hassle the next morning to a much nicer brighter room (v18).
the room was cleaned every day with fresh towels.
i think that the rooms although quite basic had everything that we needed....i.e.
a fridge, large double bed, enough room to store clothes and hbo/star movies (which sometimes hindered us getting ready to go out at night!).
we don't tend to stay in our hotels much and it was good for what we wanted.
we had 6 meal vouchers included in our holiday and used these up for either lunch or dinner when trying to save a bit of cash.
i really enjoyed all of the fish dishes (kingfish, prawns) , but wasn't so keen on the curries.
one thing that sticks in my mind is the chocolate milkshakes with ice-cream....gorgeous!
we stayed at the ronil beach following the golden triangle tour.
having read such mixed reviews, we were slighly apprehensive.
staff on reception were friendly and efficient, and the one time we reported a fault in our room (a very wobbly toilet seat) it was mended straight away.
the room was definitely basic, with fairly limited storage space for 2 people on a 2 week holiday.
not much drawer space.
the furniture definitely had a look of something knocked up at home from spare pieces of wood!
all in all, very basic.
on the plus side, there was a fridge in the room.
also a tv but we didn't switch it on the whole time we were there.
the aircon also worked pretty well, and there was a ceiling fan.
i'd say the cleanliness of our room was definitely borderline, particularly the bathroom.
we didn't spend much time in the hotel so we didn't bother saying anything.
another couple found their room so dirty, they asked to be moved and ended up in the newer blocks at the back which are apparently superior rooms.
excellent location, as long as your room doesn't face the road which can get noisy.
only a few minutes walk from the beach and very close to lots of great bars and restaurants.
not as noisy and hectic as nearby calangute.
having read comments about the smelly toilet under the stairs, the one time i thought i'd have a look, there was a workman in there, possibly painting it.
the one overwhelming opinion is that it was very pink!
we stayed on a b&b basis.
breakfast was okay but we made a point of asking for fresh tea and coffee with cold milk, rather than having the stuff in the thermos jugs made with hot milk.
the chef makes omelettes and fries eggs to order, and he also has scrambled eggs.
we didn't bother with the hotel restaurant in the evenings, in spite of having some vouchers, because there were so many really good places in the town.
even in a smallish resort, you are spoiled for choice.
definitely worth a mention are kim faa for great chinese, and brilliant indian food at o'pescadoro (or something like that - can't find the paper where i wrote the names down) on the main road through the resort, also salt n peppa - great food and service.
two others i have to mention ... britto's - it's in my guide book and our guide mentioned it so we thought it would be great.
we went up there one night.
the restaurant was so dark it was difficult to see to read the menu, let alone eat (good thing we had a torch).
the menu was laid out in a very confusing manner and the food was certainly no better than in other places, the service less good.
east meets west - again, recommended by our guide.
lovely courtyard setting (if you like rope lights) with a band playing.
fantastic food although disappointing to wait an hour between ordering and getting our food.
maybe they were having a bad night so we went back a few nights later.
we were seated right behind the band and it was too noisy to hold a conversation so we asked to be moved.
the restaurant said they couldn't seat us anywhere else (although they were only half full).
no other tables for 2 available and they wouldn't seat us at a table laid for 4 - so we walked out!
you will get hassled on the beach but be firm.
don't make the mistake of saying you'll look tomorrow.
they remember and they'll be back.
we found the staff in bars remembered us.
we used the same one for sunbeds and lunch every day, different ones in the evenings.
after a few days, they all remembered what we were drinking.
great service.
just remember that india is a developing country, definitely dirty in places.
just go along with whatever happens and you'll have a great time.
i had been here with a group of friends 13 of us and this hotel was very good.
the rooms were well done and the best part is its very close to the baga beach streach.... the most happening place in goa.
i strongly recommend this hotel and will stay here again.
this was our first visit to india and we were apprehensive, especially after reading reviews about the 'culture shock' and the bureaucracy of the airport.
needless to say we experienced both!
but, it only took us a couple of days to settle in and we had a fantastic holiday.
all in all, we found goa to be a wonderful charming place.
after exploring the resort, i would say that the ronil beach appeared to be one of the better hotels in baga, although the decor in the rooms is a little tired this is the only downside - there is room service, laundry service, fresh towels daily and free air con!
the staff are brilliant, always smiling, polite and very hard working.
it is true about the power cuts, they are frequent, but only last for a few minutes.
you do have a candle and matches in your room but get a torch for when you are out and about after dark as the whole resort can be plunged into darkness.
the food is delicous and baga has some fantastic restaurants with menus to suit all tastes.
if you came to baga on an all inclusive holiday you would be missing out.
our favourites were lucky star shack at the bottom of tito's lane whoose bbq night is a must, the ritz in calangute/candolim, fiesta restaurant on tito's lane, cavala, east meets west, kim faa chinese and the hot plate on csm lane.
all great food at unbelievably cheap prices.
the hotel restaurant must also get praise, the pool area transforms at night into a dining area accompanied by a live music.
the meal vouchers will easily cover a 3 course evening meal.
we tended to use our vouchers during lazy days around the pool as there were so many restaurants we wanted to try in the evening.
taxis are reasonable, we paid 600-1200 rupees a day (£7.50-£15) and tended to use the same taxi driver for all our trips.
we visited the 'tropical spice plantation' in ponda, which was about and hour and a half away and home to two elephants.
there is herbal tea on arrival, a tour around the plantation, lunch served on a banana leaf, fresh melon and a feni toast, all for £3.
there are numerous beaches dotted along the coast worth a visit, our favourite was ashwem, very very quiet in comparison to baga and only two sellers.
coco beach is worth a visit, if only for the hour long dolphin spotting trip, where you will see the prison at fort aguada - spot the englishman arrested for carrying drugs, waving his flag through the bars!
one unusual evening was casino goa in panjim.
it's on a ship which cruises the mandovi river and a smaller boat shuttles people to and fro hourly.
we met some fantastic people in our hotel and all went in taxi convoy to panjim.
there is a dress code aboard, which we were not aware of and a few of us were not dressed appropriately.
this resulted in a dash around panjim for new trousers and shoes!!!
the entry fee is about £15 which includes the entertainment, all food and drinks.
we stayed on board until 4.30am and our taxi drivers waited for us.
a really good night out if you fancy doing something different.
i didn't see this advertised anywhere in resort so just ask you taxi driver to take you.
in the resorts and towns be prepared to see a few beggers with disabilities and stray animals - most of the dogs on the beach are owned by the shacks as 'guard dogs', but aren't cared for like our pets.
also, be prepared to haggle - they expect it.
on the beach, everyone wants to sell you something, but a firm 'no thank you' and a 'i've been here a week' tan will keep them away.
saying that, i did buy lots of gifts from the sellers.
they are very friendly and inquisitive and are only trying to earn a living.
have fun haggling!
overall i would highly recommend baga and the ronil beach resort.
i feel angered at some of the reviews which advise people not to visit this hotel and wholeheartedly disagree with one previous review on this site.
if you choose to visit india you must expect things to be a little different.
it is a poor country, but the goans really do work so hard to welcome you.
just returned from a stay at the ronil beach resort hotel.
the hotel is of a poor standard and the staff service is not much better.
on arrival, we were allocated an appalling room and when we complained, the attitude of the accommodation manager was less than helpful; indeed he was quite rude and dismissive.
this hotel does not meet any of the basic standards.
the food is not good and the breakfast leaves a lot to be desired.
the rooms are shabby and dirty.
whilst the rooms are cleaned daily, this is only a superficial wipe over.
beware the showers, as they appear unregulated which means the water temperature immeadiatly fluctuates from warm to very hot / scalding if someone in an adjacent room flushes the toilet or turns on a cold tap.
sun beds are limited and other facilities such as the dining area and a small games room (which is suposed to double as a lounge), are very basic.
the public toilet under the staircase in reception has to be seen to be believed.
it was always dirty and smelly.
beware this is a very rudimentary and unsophisticated hotel purporting to be a 3 star which it is clearly not.
we have stayed in many hotels but none with such poor standards and service as this one.
from john & susan,n.york.
just returned from another excellent holiday at the ronil - our 8th time there in the past 10 years.
although the rooms are basic by western standards they are cleaned daily and the towels and bed linen are also changed daily.
the only down side are the rooms at the front overlooking the road - they suffer from road noise.
the food at the ronil is excellent ( i've seen a well known tv chef holidaying there) but there are numerous nearby good restaurants to suite all tastes.
try indian kitchen for indian food (behind our lady of piety church) franks for very good steaks (lane opposite subway) nisha for fish and fiesta for italian (both titos lane) and kim fa for chinnese (200 metres away).
the staff at the ronil number over 100 (there are over 20 chefs!)
and all are polite and helpful.
many are characters in their own right (devanand, prakash, cruz, elvis, alex, prachant, sheikha, sebi x 2, sajro, sagar, vithal, simon.
joseph, predeep,guru, felix x 2, ludvic, naresh to name but a few).
great credit for the consistantly high standards maintained by this hotel must go to the manager rouie who gives it his personal supervision from morning through to night (and has done so for the past 20 years).
he is assisted by austin who works tirelessly to ensure any requests by guests are complied with.
the greatest testimony is the number of guests who return year after year.
just returned from the ronil beach after spending 3 weeks there.
the hotel was kept very clean, bed linen and towels changed everyday and room cleaned.
staff very friendly and helpful.
the main baga road was pretty hectic and busy and pedestrians have to be careful as their are no pavements, but you soon get used to it.
the beach is only 5 minutes walk away and the beach shacks are brilliant.
free sunbeds if you eat and drink there.
we used to spend about the equivalent of £3 per day.the temperature was between 35 and 40 degrees every day.
wonderful restaurant, after seven or the border of calengute and caldolim.
the cavala about 10 minutes walk from the hotel, kim faa chinese, brilliant and the hot plate, fantastic.
flew with first choice, very good flight and loads of legroom.
just spent 2 weeks at the ronil beach resort in baga.
hotel was very good if a little noisy at times.
we upgraded from the dreaded v block to i block at the cost of £10 per night.
room was large with balcony overlooking countryside.
one of the few rooms with a view.
there was sattelite tv, fridge and a safe in the room.
staff were very friendly and helpful.
breakfast great.
only problem was the 4.30am arrival and having to wait until midday for a room.
a common problem apparently.
hadn't been to goa for 13 years, couldn't believe the chages.
it's now as busy as the med!
lots of traffic, lots of hawkers on the beach and lots of tourists.
it does mean however that there are now lots of great restaurants.
try after 7in calengute and sublime in baga, both offering great international food.
for a great indian, indian spice on the calengute-baga road.
bosco's beach shack below csm does great cheap food all day long with free sunbeds.
if you're looking for peace and quiet central goa won't be the place for you.
for a little tranquillity try asven beach 30 mins drive from baga.
the beach is still fairly unspoilt and quiet, just a few sunbeds and a couple of beach shacks.
however goa is still a great holiday destination for all types of budget.
give it a try.
i have just returned after a two week holiday staying at the ronil beach resort, baga, north goa.
well it was our 14th visit to goa and as normal the hotel was perfect.
people think that we are mad returning to the same place each year, but not knock it until you have tried it.
flew with first choice with the upgrade to star class premier.
excellent flight and loads of inflight entertainment.
(movies, music and plenty of games) would recommend this to anyone.
arrived in goa and as per previous visits opted to get a taxi from the airport rather than the tour bus.
it's alot quicker!
hotel was excellent as usual no problems - rooms ready when we arrived.
all staff are the friendly people you will meet.
infact you would never meet freindler people then the people you meet in goa.
food excellent - try the fish curry rice or the fish portugese.
we also got 3 free meal vouchers per week (from first choice) you up to the value of 800rupees.
goa has many beautifull places to see to suit all.
im glad i will be returning in march 2007.
contact me if you would like any details on goa.
we have just returned from a two week holiday, staying at the ronil beach resort, we just have to say what a fantastic holiday we had.
the room was cleaned every day as well as new bed linen and clean towels and all the staff could not do enough for you.
you are given three vouchers per week for evening meals or lunch we found the food to be excellent if not better than some of the local restaraunts.
we had heard about the beach shaks but didn't expect them to be anything like they was they are out of this world the staff can't do enough for you (ashok & chrishna) at the lucky star it also has fantastic food.
just returned from a two week stay at the ronil in baga and after listening to fellow tourists, i am convinced that it is the best hotel of this calibre in the resort centre.
we were allocated a room in v block, which smelt a little damp on arrival, although with airing and air con, this was not really noticeable after a couple of days.
rooms are basic but clean, with satellitetv and minimal warbrodbe/storage space.
rooms were cleaned on a daily basis and fresh towels were provided daily.
soap and toilet tissue were replaced when needed.
it was a little noisy at times when the pool was in use and it is true that the number of sunbeds is insufficient....you need to be an early riser to secure one.
however, the beach is only 2 mins walk away and for very little money, a local taxi driver will take you to one of the many beaches (coco beach was lovely especially if you like a dip in the sea).
the staff could not be faulted...... helpful, friendly, welcoming, honest and the service received was excellent....you are in goa and things are a little laid back....theres no real sense of urgency wherever you go (try an internal flight if you don't believe me!!).
we asked them about beaches, jewellers, opticians etc and they always recommended good, cheap places - no complaints.
"the best hotel in baga".
wow i'd like to see the worst.
our party of 10 chose baga as there were 6 young adults who wanted some night life.
we chose the ronil for the above statement.
all that was missing was basil & sybil!
on arrival 6 of us were located in the dreaded "v" block.
the management were happy to re-loacte us once a room was available but we had to move at 4am and wait 2 days.
the smell has to be experienced but we are told it is to be refurbished.
i would suggest demolished would be more appropriate.
the first choice rep said that there was nothing wrong with the accommodation.
obviously we were expecting too much (no mould, no sewerage smell, secure light fitting, curtains on fixings and a wardrobe that opened).
service was non existent and it was not uncommon for your ordered drink not to arrive or arrive in duplicate when you reminded the staff that you were still waiting.
personally we found the staff rude.
a bar man said to my partner "you, what do you want?"
whilst remaining seated and pointing at him.
we have been informed that there is no goan or hindi words for please and thank you.
its very apparant.
there is only 1 toilet in the lobby, under some stairs its unisex and disgusting.
the same towel was there for the fortnight.
all other reports about beds but the pool are accurate.
outside the hotel the taxi drivers were a pain.
it was very difficult to get them to take you where you wanted to go.
they always wanted to take you somewhere they knew better.
one day we wanted to go to dunes at morbar beach to spend a night in a beach shack.
off we went, to be dropped at asvem beach at a shack that appeared to be connected to the taxi driver.
on refusing to stay the shack owner became quite hostile.
the youngsters went to titos and mambos only once.
titos was full of indian men who intimidated & hastled the girls.
it was also very seedy.
mambos full of middle aged europeans enjoying goas liberal attitude to drugs.
so the resort we went to for the kids didn't meet our expectations.
it comes to something when a 16yr old male said i wish we'd gone somewhere quiet.
good bits: shooters bar, kcs bar, kim faa (chinese restaurant), east meets west, the chippy in calangute.
they all had toilets that you would use.
if you go compare them to the toilets in bharats, where one of the men vomited due to the smell and state(opposite the ronil).
spice plantation, trips to panjim.
the water sports.
ingos market.
how cheap prescription medication and decent jeans are.
finally don't think we had a good time.
we had a great time and laughed throughout (you had to).
would we go back... we are told the south is very nice.
perhaps kenya has spoilt us.
now thats great.
we spent 6 nights last month at ronil's and the place is generally quite nice.
the receptionists were really nice and the formalities were completed in record time.
we were shown our rooms and thats when my wife got a bit upset.
we were expecting a real 3 * property after having stayed at other 3* hotels in thailand and what we saw shocked us.
the rooms were quite cramped and the bathrooms were the asian style.
i shall explain this further.
the shower and loo are only separated by a shower curtain.
this in essence means that you have to get you feet wet when using the toilet especially after one of you has had a shower.
i was later made to understand that this was a luxury as most other properties would not even have a shower curtain so the loo would be sprayed with water when one is having a shower.
the other big dissapointment was the fact that you either wake up early and secure a pool bed or you would have to sit on chairs and tables.this being the end of the peak season i was shocked as i could not understand how they would have coped when the season was at its peak and the hotel full.how can a hotel have less pool beds than the guests they can accomodate?
the food was okay and thus we had to eat out every other meal besides breakfast.i am not complaining about that as we had chosen bed and breakfast precisely for that reason as we like visiting other restaurants and sampling food from the region.
my overall opinion is that people should know that a 3* in this part of the world is not really the same as you would expect in other parts of the world.
we also visited thailand during the same holiday and will review the hotels in another review but suffice to say the quality of 3* hotels in both these countries vaires by a huge margin.
i suggest a 4* as minimum if you are aiming for a normal 3* in other counties.
we then spent another week at the royal goan beach club at monterio and will post a review on it later.
i have to agree with more or less all of paul bryson's comments.
the ronil is one of the best hotels in the baga/calangute areas, but right in the heart of the town and just a ten minute walk to the beach - unlike some of the new 5-star developments which have been described as "hermetically sealed"!
staff here are very friendly and will soon get to know your name, sometimes you can share an after-work beer with them in the bar next door.
the ronil restaurant is top class and i seem to remember, dimly!, that good cocktails were around a pound, kingfisher beer 50p!
get to know a local taxi driver, they will take you anywhere at reasonable fares and even spend a whole day with you if you want.
if you like the beach, calangute and baga are crowded so take a ride to ashvem in the north or coco beach, south of candolim, which also offers dolphin spotting boat trips (much cheaper to book locally than through the hotels).
finally don't be scared of the local food, there are great restaurants everywhere and the local seafood is terrific, even in the beach shacks - but be very afraid of driving here!
take a cab!
after being there for a couple of days it was clear that the ronil beach was one of the better hotels in baga/calangute.
the staff were really friendly & the food was of a high standard.
baga itself was a real culture shock from cows roaming the streets to families living in their stalls but after a couple of days you forget all this as you venture out & about.most of our beach time was spent at little vagator beach due to baga/calangute beaches resembling magaluf, this is about 20 mins in a taxi north, which will cost about £1 & if you go on a tuesday you may get a chance to get an elephant ride if you go through anjuna, just tell the driver to stop & wait.
on the subject of asking for things...if you tell one of the millions of taxi drivers "later" trust me they'll come knocking on your door 5 hrs later asking were you wanna go!
so remember to say no rather than later.
goa is a paradise, nothing else can describe the beauty of this magical place.
if you wanna party you party if you wanna chill you chill.
there is more than something for everyone here although the entertainment at the ronil is comical at best, picture a indian jazz/lounge band trying to sing barry manilow's mandy but singing carrie!
most spectactular beach is mandrim beach about 1hr drive north well worth the trek, we hired a bike, which is not for the faint hearted, roads/tracks are madness.
nitelife is quieter due to politics but thre is loads of late nite bars like mambos playing surprisingly good music & every other nite there's a "birthday party" being held at the beach shacks..holding a party is the loophole for all nite parties, there's also day time raves where the freaks really do come out.
the food in goa is rather good...tip if the resturant is empty, there's probally a reason for it!
if all else fails there's a subway.
we bought a shed load of clothes and gifts as things are sooo cheap & we posted it back well worth it as a women at the airport on the way back got stung for £250, which brings me last to the airport!
this was hell no two ways about secruity check after secruity check, going through several checks before we checked in we were meet by another 2000 checks before we got on the plane.
be careful when leaving.
stumpy